{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria Math;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f63\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f64\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f66\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f67\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f68\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f69\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f70\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f71\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f390\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f391\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}
{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4737720\rsid16261271}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Chris Roberton}{\operator Chris Roberton}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy4\hr11\min12}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy4\hr11\min12}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages41}{\nofwords22912}{\nofchars130604}{\nofcharsws153210}{\vern87}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot4737720 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\ul\insrsid16261271 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ArcticMUD Zone Guide
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid16261271 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 A few of these zones have been revamped since this was written, and those that I remembered offhand are noted.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Zones aren\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t really listed in any particular order, use the FIND tool to locate something specific.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Dark Knights Outpost
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 At the ESW in the middle of the building itself there is a hidden locked grate D.  Key loads on Nightlord to the north.  Say 'skull' to port\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  through the wall to Nightlord area.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 West of ESW is Lily Champion who loads black steel longsword, black lily brooch, and black sword belt.  Can combine sword belt with the black scabbard that loads in the bed in her room to form 'a black scabbard belt' +
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 dam.  Can combine lily brooch with 'a black cloak' from the knights/masters to form +hp 'cloak of the black lily'.  Keywords are 'join cloak brooch' or similar.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Champion of the Skull is south of ESW and loads armplates of lily (prot from good), green jade\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 rings (+int/dex paladin/dk only) and a mithril partisan (nolore, 4d5++ rumored).  Say "Grant me your blessings for the battles to come" to activate the partisan.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Below grate is the dread revanant/high priestess#1 to the east.  Revanent loads a revanent s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
kull (+dam maybe, unsure), high priestess loads ivory staff (possible darkness/restoration/steelskin/sacred ward cleric book).  Priestess also loads key to cells and western jail.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 West of the corpse/priestess is the 2nd high priestess.  Loads dragon skull\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 necklace (int/wis evil only) and pure black tunic (bodyworn evil only +heal).  Tsu Wei is west of high priestess #2 (need high priestess#1 key), stabs hard and trip oblits.  Loads decent dagger and a whip offhand.  His head falls off after he dies, grab 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t and his key and go outside the zone.  Both groups of shadows can drop 'shadowy parchments' which summon nice bashing charmies by typing 'translate parchment'.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Back outside the cave and north some is the bridge. Make sure everyone flying and drop off the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 west side of the bridge into the gorge.  Go west into the cave and type 'unl door' and 'ent shadows'.  Drop tsu's head in front of Trin Phung and he will go east.  Kill him (owl/wolf first makes it easier) and unlock the chest in his cave with his amulet
.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2   Chest loads a nice neutral +hp shield for druids and also 2int +7th druid necklaces.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Icewall Rift
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Keep going west killing stuff and check each room for a cliff.  The first cliff leads nowhere ("climb cliff").  Climbing the 2nd cliff allows you to by\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
pass the bridge which damages your party.  The 3rd cliff leads past some elite frost giant guards that drop giant's mauls (nolore, 4d5 -hr or -dex prim) and leads to a deadend.  Type 'climb ladder' at the deadend to fight the giant chieftain, who loads a 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 '\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
troll bone ring' (+hp bracelet), 'lynx skin cloak' (+dex), and a 'huge hunting spear' (3d7++ spear that takes 27/28 str to prime).  Climbing back down the cliffs and continuing westward lead you to Icewall Castle.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Icewall Castle
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
There are 2 or 3 ways to get inside the castle here.  Beware, Sleet and Feal-Thas live in the northeastern courtyard.  Climb up the glacier, go to the north end, and keep going up.  You can either go into the backdoor and 'open slab' in the deadend room t
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 sneak below the castle, or go up further and fight the ice giant guards who shout for help.  A 3rd option is to go even higher up and westward over the courtyard itself.  Don't let fly wear off or you'll fall into the grouped mobs.  Area helps a bunch si
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ce the grouped mobs repop repeatedly.  "The castle commander" (note his name begins with THE, there are 'A' ones that drop nothing) drops 'spiked bronze bracers' (+dam -dex wrist), a decent offhand misc chain, and a 'dragon bone ring' (+str I think).  He 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
lso drops a key that you can use to unlock the rack in the very northern part of the courtyard (behind the door).  The rack loads a decent long blade prim ('huge iron broadsword' I believe) and a 'heavy wooden maul'.  East of the rack is a room where you 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 an 'rummage' and kill a giant ice worm.  He drops 2 'frozen potions' that are rentable cure critical and resist cold.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Sleet and Feal-thas are tough mobs that load neat stuff.  Feal can load 'a white dragonwing cloak' (2dex can/autofly aboutworn), 'a fiery\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 red armguard' (+hp I think), 'a redstone ring' (immdrain and probably +str or dam also), and 'fiery red cloth gloves' (+dam/hr of some sort).  Sleet drops the key to the chest near his pantry.  Feal also drops a key to his quarters.  Sleet's chest requir
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
s a skilled thief to disable (or die trying), and loads 'a sky blue ring of Paladine' (goodie +heal ring), 'a comfortable blue robe' (+learn mage), and 'an emerald tablet engraved with runes' (iceshield for druids).  To get to Feal's stash, you need to mo
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e 1 south of Sleet/Feal room and have group 'avoid trap'.  Unlock the door and go in.  'Search fireplace' will give you a hint to where the key is for the door south.  The closet in the fireplace room can load 'icy adamantite banded mail' (bash_mod of som
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 kind).  South of the fireplace room is an undead draconian who needs to die, then 'search books' to find another key.  'Unlock/open secret' to get into the room east, and 'unlock/open pedestal' to check for the mage book.  Book could be anything ranging 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rom clair to prism last I knew.  The sword 'Arctic Night' and one of the 'Dragon Orbs' also load in this zone, but I have been unable to find their location due to their perpetual deep-rentedness.  Note this 'dragon orb' is no_cleric.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Celestial Temple
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Arguably the most spammed and boring zone ever.  First thing is to find the guardians near the crypts outside who hold the key to the gate.  Kill them and head east/southward to the gate.  Unlock it and have group enter until together.  On the first level
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 you need to kill the 'temple guardian lord' groups and loot their keys.  These keys unlock 4 chests near the 4 corners of the temple (rooms with scribes).  1 chest loads the key to the central gate, and other chests can load 'a tablet of unending wisdom'
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
(+2wis -health held), and either 'a scroll of ancient power' (power word stun norent scroll), or 'the scroll of ancient power' (a powerful enchant weapon scroll).  Also on the first floor are different types of guardians (sky/sun/moon/earth) that can load
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
'a red/blue/white/black guardian robe'.  Black robe is +str, red robe is +dex, white robe +int, blue robe +wis all about worn with nice long decay timers.  Guardians also load 'a large pole axe' which are 3d5 enchantable axes useful in some situations.  A
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ound the northwest corner of this level is a statue of a druid, 'move statue' will open a D exit to the 'chamber of archimedes' which is a nice memroom and also loads 'an ancient, tattered cloak' on the ground (+3wis I think).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 With the gate key, unlock th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e gate in the center of the temple and enter it to reach the 2nd level.  This level has Aurinites during daylight and Gargoyles during nighttime.  Note that once you leave the center room, a group of gargoyles will track and attack your group if it's nigh
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
time.  1 north and all west of the center room is a room with a pot and a grate.  'Move grate' to reveal a D exit that leads down to the mem room.  To advance to the aurinite king/gargoyle chief, you need to kill the 2 gargoyle commanders and 2 aurinite l
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rds, loot their keys, and get the key segements from their chests.  The gargoyle shamans load 'a robe of the Gargoyle clans' (weak bash_mod antigood), gargoyle warlocks loak 'a warlock's cloak' (neckworn antigood autofly).  A 'granite bracer' (+dam -con a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
tigood) and 'a granite sword' (3d6 antigood) also load on chieftain or commanders.  'A granite ring' (+str -con) also load somewhere here.  The aurinite lords load 'an aurinite ring' (+con antievil), and 'a crystalline bracer' (+hr antievil).  'A robe of 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
he Aurinite order' loads on high priests (+2int -con antievil), and 'an alchemist's cloak' (nosummon/nocharm antievil neckworn) loads on the alchemists.  The chests/tabernacles of this level can also load 'a small tattered prayerbook' (word of recall/summ
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n/negative plane protection/sunbolt clerical book).  Once all 4 key segements are found from the chests 'combine key' and 'get key' to receive the key to unlock the central gate.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This gate leads to the Aurinite King and the Gargoyle Chieftain and their pe\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ts.  The basilisk with the gargoyle chief can petrify, so beware.  You can 'slide tapestry' to open an exit to the west for purposes of fleeing and a few jewels.  The aurinite king loads 'an Aurinite Kings cloak' (20hp aboutworn antievil) and 'an Aurinite
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Kings bracer' (wristworn goodie +heal).  The gargoyle chieftain loads 'a Gargoyle Chieftain's cloak (+2dam aboutworn antigood) and 'a Gargoyle Chieftain's bracer' (wristworn evil +heal).  'The sword of Sacred Fires/Caliburn' load at a low % on the floor o
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  this room (norent 3d7 autofireshield longsword).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Lemish and Garnet
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Lemish is pretty straightforward.  Elite draconians load 'a red draconian bracelet' (evil only +hp wrist).  Lord Atin loads 'the black shield of Lemish' (unsure full stats, nice shiel\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d).  Mayor loads 'a white gold ring' (save_spell and canfly), 'a sword inlaid with sapphires' (5d3 ++ evil prime lblade) and a few other items I can't remember.  Kalnith the mage loads 'a small green orb' (-con/hp +5th slot mageonly), 'a blue ring' (nolor
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 +learn-ish ring), and 'a cloak of the mystics' (antineutral +learn neck).  Bali and his guard (nomagic room) load 'a thin red belt' (+dex) and 'a long diamond-edged blade' (4d4++ offy lblade).  Tolkunka loads a few druid items and tablets (call lightning
,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  ice storm, cure critical).  Rogeneye (push boxes south of Kalnith, nomagic) loads +dex autosilence sleeves, and a few other thief items that rarely load.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Garnet is aggro evil so be careful when moving into the warleader/king.  Up above in the mountains G\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
alan can load 'a ruby armband' (autoinvis) and 'a ruby axe' (3d5++ with lightning bolt special).  Inside the mountain (bottom level, 'clear gravel' in the S only exit room) Garen loads 'a large quartz hammer' (1d20 lightweight -hr) and 'an olivine ring' (
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
aves_breath), he is in nomagic.  Westward into palace Pitch loads 'a polished plate of mithril' (+dex) and 'a magical dwarven stein' (refilling ale container).  Stoneroot's guards load -age neckworns, and his chest loads 'a star sapphire' (antievil +2wis 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 eld light) and 'a chysoprase ring' (autoinvis).  One of these two also loads 'quartz-encrusted gauntlets' (2hr) and 'a thick belt layered with quartz' (+hr also).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Xak Tsaroth
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Not going into huge detail here.  Draconians can load 'a teeth chain' (4d4\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ish offhand misc), a hobgoblin can load 'a band of power' (wrist +str), and some mob loads 'a bone helm' (+hp headworn).  Khisanth can load tablets (temp path, plantwalk, pass without trace).  The statue can load 'a book bound with oily plates' (gust/cure
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 disease clerical book).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Lower Xak loads 'the disks of mishakal' (heal clerical book, of course), and 'a sky blue tunic' (antievil +heal bodyworn) in the statue also.  2 south and up (enter crack) from the grotto there is a chest with a dt trap on it.  Disable/picking this chest 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 an yield 'a black hood' (+thiefskill) and 'an ancient elvish hood' (antievil +heal headworn).  There is an unfound quest delving deeper into the zone in which no one I know of has figured out.

\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Thorbardin
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Thorbardin loads various items.  The sergeants \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
on the battlements can load 'a silver dwarven ring' (+con, +save_spell), the commander can load 'silver dwarven gauntlets' (+hr/dam).  Karter loads 'an emerald-shafted javelin' (3d5 or 2d7 or so stabber) and some weird casterable plate armor.  North, west
,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 open door, n from the Crossroads is the secret path around the gate guards.  You have to 'open wall' and go west a few times, eventually 'open carving' and going S to reach the central stairwell.  All up here leads to a tunnel heading west, which leads t
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 Hornfel.  King Hornfel loads 'the hammer of Kharas' (neat blind-special hammer usable only by dwarves) and 'a golden dwarven talisman' (+int or wis or both neckworn antievil).  Looting his key and 'unlock secret' reveals some coins, a norent fast decay 2
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
heal wand, and 'a hooded red chasuble' (neutral only bodyworn +heal).  Down towards graknar and off an east exit leads to 3 dwarven hearthguards who can drop 'a hearthguard's axe' (3d5 or so offy axe).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Sanction (**Note: Inner Sanction was revamped rece\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ntly and may be different)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
This zone can load some very nice items if they arent deeprented already (riight).  The Weaponsmaster loads 'a lucern hammer' (4d4 enchantable polearm prime) and 'weaponsmasters gloves' (+dam/hr gloves).  The blacksmith can load
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 'blacksmith's banded mail' (+15/20hp bodyworn), 'a steel voulge' (4d4 3/3 prime polearm), and 'a blacksmiths wristguard' (+str wristworn).  The 4 high priests/priestesses in the southeastern part of the city all load beltpouches that either have 'a flask
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
of clear liquid' (rentable cure crit potion) or 'a blue vial' (rentable heal potion).  Smith also accepts 'a cuprite sample' (present/display/deliver keywords likely) to create 'a heavy cuprite battle axe' (nolore heavy very elite prime axe).  Sample load
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  in Kharolis mines safe.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
The palace itself lies in the northeast part of the city, beware the nobash/reflect beholder that repops every 10-15mins or so.  Upstairs and east are 3 concubines that spec edrain but are wussy.  Upstairs west leads to Kitiara an
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d her captain.  Captain will yell, calling in 2 personal guards and Skye.  Kitiara loads 'a crystal pendant' (+int +5th slot neckworn), 'a thin golden wristband' (-save_spell 10 shield charges), and a gown which is a container with a key.  Get the key fro
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 the gown and go east, 'pull string' and go up.  Unlock/loot the box.  Box loads 'blue dragonscale' pieces that are all enchantable and barbable, and also 'an engraved emerald knife' (4d4++ thief stabber) and 'a blue dragonmask' (+con headworn).  Personal
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
guards also load 'a blue sash' (+disable).  South of the concubines is a dumb waiter in which you have a mage 'ride waiter'.  Once done, the mage needs to solo a wimpy guard, loot the dungeon key, and dimdoor/relo back to group.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Back down on 1st floor, \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
head east a few and north.  Find the 2 dark knights cleaning their swords and kill them.  They load 'a steel longsword' (3d6 1/1 prime lblades).  Further east is a closed door, behind which is Cervos.  Cervos conjures 2 apprentices who need to be bashed. 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Cervos can load 'a thin wooden wand' (magic missle spec), 'a small platinum talisman' (+5learn neckworn), and 'a ring of protection' (-10ac ring).  Cervos loads tablets (firestorm, mass refresh, word of recall), and the other key to the basement.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 West and\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 south a few from Cervos is the locked door S leading to the basement.  Down here, wait at the 2nd door for 2 tracking, stoneskinned, immune_elements golems.  Frag them down with acid/elefist/thorn/kick and move 3 north.  Beware golems and prison guards s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ick weapons.  West of this room is the Lady Succubus, Demon Torturer, and Lord Ariakas.  Demon Torturer sticks weapons also.  Lord Ariakas loads 'a mace of destruction' (very nice prim mace evil only), 'a set of power cussies' (+str legs antigood), 'a set
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
of power brassards' (+str arm antigood), a 'red dragonmask' (+con autoinvis headworn), and 'a little red key' for the crate east of the concubine room.  Run back up to the crate and have a skilled thief disable the trap.  Crate can load a magebook (massin
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
vs/haste/reloish very rare), 'a red dragonscale plate' (+20health evil only), 'red dragonscale gauntlets' (2dam/2hr evilonly), 'a banner of the dragonarmies' (+dam light held evilonly), and 'a steel halberd' (3d6 3/3 prime polearm).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Forgotten Temple
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 A\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nother overspammed zone.  Beings by killing gateguards and then 5-10+ scan_tracking dark knight mobs.  Area helps but assisting is plenty on a decent group.  Head east or west and send tank up onto battlements.  Guards/officers will likely scan_track, the
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 hit hard if all together.  Officer can load 'a tarnished iron ring of the watch' (sense_life) and the key to the commander's room.  Head all south (watch for guards) and either east or west depending which side you're on.  Archer loads 'a large darkwood 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ow' (3d7 ++), 'a pair of spiked demi-gauntlets' (+dam +dex), and 'a three-strap leather bracer' (+str wrist).  Commander loads 'a stone sword' which is a key.  Take the sword down to the Statue of Paladine, unlock/loot the crown and go west, and north to 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ight 2 more knights.  'Unlock/open doors' at the deadend to procede.  From the NESW: east is toward the mages and balor, west is toward the trainer and Krona, and north is toward Ombra.  Kill the mages first, who can load 'a dark cudgel' (3d5 offhand auto
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ly), and 'get all bookshelf' to get the 1st page.  Kill Tesiak east, loot the 2nd page.  'combine page page' then 'decipher page' 'g key' and unlock/loot the chest in the room.  Chest loads 'a sparkling black bracelet' (immdrain wristworn), 'mottled robes
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
of the Archmage' (+hp nocharm bodyworn), and a locate/forcebolt level spellbook.  If you want to piss off and kill the balor, 'destroy circle'.  He is nobash/reflectish and loads 'a massive black runed sword' (3d7 3hr evilonly 2hander).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Heading back west,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 kill the trainer and his trainees.  Trainer loads 'a weaponmaster's blade' (3d6 ++ prime lblade).  Trainees can load 'a black training amulet' (antigood +hr neckworn).  Northwest of trainer, be sure to kill the 3 knights to the west.  Next kill the gener
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
l and Krona.  General loads a key for the desk in his room, and Krona loads 'a skull-capped mithril battle axe' (4d4++ axe prime), and 'skull-encased mithril pauldrons' (+con +dam).  Loot key from general, unlock/loot desk, and go back to NESW.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Go north, \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
west (kill priest) and 'smash statue' to get the 2nd rose piece.  'Combine rod bud' to make the rose.  Head east and north to fight Ombra.  The minions hit very hard, so be sure to heal every round until one dies.  Ombra himself loads 'a ruby encrusted ba
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
tle flail' (3d6++ cleric prime).  'Slide tapestry' here to procede.  The next fight is a stoneskinned golem in a no_cleric_magic room.  Have tanks/casters frag it down while fleeing out for heals.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Once it's dead, move in and 'place rose pedestal' and 'enter portal'.  Now there are 3 riddles to solve.  First one is 'say evil', 2nd is 'say will', 3rd is 'say win'.  After entering all the portals 'poke man' to wake him up and get Walker to follow you.
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 Head all east and then all south.  There is a fiend east of here that loads some whip but usually gets skipped.  Have a lawful good character 'touch rune' then you can 'open/move rune' and move south to Samus.  Samus is imm_elements and has a special tha
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 causes 150-200 damage and lags he uses randomly on anyone in room.  He loads +str plate, +dex boots, imm_drain ring, +3hr gauntlets, and 'a tainted medallion of paladine' (neut only +heal neck).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Graknar
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Located beneath Thorbardin at the bottom of the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 spiral staircase.  No enormous secrets here.  Straightforward kill everything aggro you see.  Turning south at the entrance leads to dark elven raiders, leader loads 'an obsidian ring' (casteronly det invis).  There is also a mindflayer at the eastern ed
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e that loads 'a glowing adamantite bracer' (+5hp wristworn) and 'dark elven skin boots' (mage/druid imm poison).  Turning east before the gate of Graknar itself leads to a deep wyrm, which is probably the toughest mob in the zone.  He is high %reflect and
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
loads 'dragon power armor' (+str and other stats I believe, unsure).  The theiwar patrol leader loads 'a two-handed battle axe' (4d6 or so 2handed axe) and 'a belly skewer' (-2/3 hitroll +dam headworn).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once inside the city and at the square, west leads t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
o the master assassin (beware trackers, open panel at the north room at the very west end).  East leads to the theiwar nobles who load 'an obsidian bracelet' (+wis druidonly wrist), and further east leads to the smith who can repair some medium-range gear
.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  North from the square is the palace, in which are the priests of Hiddukel and Grap.  The priests load 'a mithril cube' (-int held autoinvis), and 'a pair of obsidian bracers' (armworn +wis -con).  The high priest loads 'a jade medallion' (+turn), 'a lon
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 string of prayer beads' (ancient curse/heroism/fortify self clerical book), and 'a sphere of souls' (antigood held autofly).  Grap himself loads 'a black theiwar coat' (antigood +heal bodyworn), 'a chain flail' (2d8 or so +bash blud prime), and 'a pair o
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  face rippers' (-2dex +2dam handworn).  The treasure room to the west of Grap's rooms can load 'a granite ring' (casteronly +con).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Kharolis Mines
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 An interesting zone that can load very nice coins and a few neat items.  On the goodie side, the mine ove\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rseer loads 'a heavy brass bastard sword' (3d6++ 2hander primeable with 24/25str), 'a pair of silver dwarven gauntlets' (+dam/hr handworn).  His sentries can load 'a copper dwarven ring' (-int +con).  The foreman who wanders the mines loads 'a dwarven cup
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ite ring' (norent +con quest item in the lower part of the zone).  Magnus ver Magnussin can load 'a large copper ignot' that can be presented to the armor smith in Thorbardin to receive 'a suit of spiked copper plate' (-2dex +dam bodyworn).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 There are 2 ma\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
jor exp quests in this zone.  If you are good aligned, grab 2 pick-axes that are lying about or kill miners and find the Abandoned Tunnel.  Type 'dig west' twice to open up the lower part of the zone.  Go down the path, and down at the Fog.  Beware you ha
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e to fight 4-6 stabbing kua-toa scouts.  Once they're dead head all west until a Slippery Bank.  Go up and into the kua-toa city.  South from here leads to the kua-toa shaman, who loads 'a transparent fish-skin bracelet' (wristworn +wis) and 'a transparen
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 fish-skin robe' (about worn autoinvis).  Shaman also rarely loads druid tablets (charm monster, tornado).  North of the shaman and past the entrance there is an up exit that leads to the kua-toa chieftain.  He doesn't cast spells, but he has a special to
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
prism that he likes to spam happily. Two elite guards will track into the room when he dies.  He loads 'a crown of the kua-toa chieftain' (norent waterbreath quest item upstairs), 'an aqua-green azurite scepter' (held light autofly with 1 charge of iceshi
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ld), and 'an azurite medallion' (unsure stats, likely +learn). Take his crown back upstairs and give it to yourself in front of the foreman to receive ~700k experience and a key.  Take the key to the southwest portion of the mines and unlock the foreman's
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 chest.  Inside loads 'a strip of birtchbark' (rentable 3 healing mist/mass refresh wand), 'a silver dwarven medallion' (+hitroll neckworn), and 'a pair of bornite sleeves' (+dam armworn)

\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If you are evil aligned, kill the dwarven foreman and loot his cupri\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
te ring.  Take the ring down to the kua-toa chieftain and drop it to receive ~700k exp and 'a tri-jeweled ring' (key to chieftain's chest).  Go back onto the dark lake and move around until you find the room with a down exit.  Dispel/remove your fly, hold
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
a light, and go 2down.  Don't talk while doing this.  The chest loads 'a pair of green stained leggings' (legworn canfly), 'a moist-blue green scroll' (norent heal scroll), and a few other items.  'Touch rune' to receive waterbreath and fly back up to you
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  group.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
There is also another side of the upper portion of this zone.  Kill the mine overseer and loot his key.  Go all west to the mine office, 'g cup table, 'shake cup' and receive another key.  Go 2 east, north and disable (just a lightning bolt trap) 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
and loot the safe.  Take that key back to the mine office and unlock/open the vault.  Loot the crate of dynamite and give it to your tank.  Another 'large copper ignot' can load in here for the spiked plate armor.  Move group down into the mine and all no
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
th.  Go up at the up exit and kill the 2 dwarf guards there.  Unlock the door to the north and send the tank all north, east, north to 'A Sealed Tunnel'.  Be sure the tank is in this room, and have him 'light crate'.  He will take some damage and cause an
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
earthquake.  Move the group inside and go 2 east when you can.  'Open door' to open the secret, and kill the 2 theiwars to the south to cause their invasion.  Now the mines will be overrun by theiwars instead of hylar.  Make your way back down toward the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
oreman's chest, killing the theiwars for good coinage enroute.  In the chest room will be 2 guards and a named warrior who loads 'a dark shield of Kharolis' (nice heavy bashing shield) and 'a pair of granite Theiwar gauntlets' (antigood +con hands).  Kill
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ng the warrior causes Jehnzan and Kayhnar to pop back at the Sealed Tunnel where your tank blew up the crate.  Jehnzan is a mage, Kayhnar an assassin who both hit decently hard.  Jehnz loads 'a suit of flowing black armor' (antigood +7th slots autoinvis m
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
geonly), Kayhnar loads some sleeves that are probably +dex.  Jehnzan also loads a key to the wall safe in the foreman's chest room.  After killing these 2, head back there and check out the safe.  Inside loads 'a cuprite sample' that can be presented to t
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e sanction smith to receive 'a heavy cuprite battle axe' (heavy, nolore, deadly axe prime).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Village of Mortigoth
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Straightfoward kill everything zone with a lot of dts, so be scanning.  The ogre leader loads 'a sword of carved obsidian' (3d6 1/1 lblade\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 prime antigood) and a few other misc items.  The cave wyrm loads 'a wicked wyrm tooth dagger' (decent thiefy offhand piercer).  Further in, the evil treant can load 'a treant leaf potion' (norent heal/barkskin potion).  The ogre patrol leader inside the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
illage can load 'a pair of razor-lined gloves' (+dam handworn), and 'a shirt of black chainmail or somesuch' (+str bodyworn).  The ogre shaman west of the city can load 'a human bone ring' (-5hp +wis ring), and 'a thick, woolen cloak' (+5hp aboutworn).  G
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
isk, the ogre leader can load 'a collosal battle axe' (3d6 3/3 axe prime) and the items also loaded by the 2nd patrol leader.  Once all the ogres in the village have been killed, you can free the mayor east/north of the square to receive 500-700k exp for 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  good aligned char.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Storms Keep
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
This zone was much better before the revamp, but anyways.  Begin by having your group (not you) all type 'accept' at Sara and the dragon.  Type 'listen sara' and let her talk until she drops both a letter and a golden amulet.  Loot these and accept.  Move
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
north to the gate and kill the kender/janitor.  Have someone with high strength 'knock gate' to get the guard's attention.  Kill the guard when he comes out quickly, try to keep him floor so he doesn't escape.  Loot the key and open the gate.  There will 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e 5-10 tracking knights/warriors you may want to filter out slowly.  Move north into the keep (not everything is aggro) until you can see Steel.  Send in your tank, and 'display letter' and 'display gold.amulet' to get Steel to run off.  Kill the mobs, an
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 move west (few more tracking mobs).  Head north and kill the guards/dragons/captain.  Head north of the dragonrider captain, and look at the smith.  Blacksmith can load 'a leather jerkin' (+str/+hr bodyworn) and 'a pair of wicked black boots' (+dam footw
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rn nonmetal).  Note the blacksmith's room is nomagic.  North and east of smith is the stable keeper, kill him for a key.  Head back west, and a few south and unlock the door east.  More trackers come here.  Go east, kill the champion of lily, who can load
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
'black lily gauntlets' (+con handworn antigood) and 'the plate of the black lily' (+con bodyworn antigood).  He also loads a key you will need.  Head south and kill Romis and his guards.  Romis can load 'an ebony hilted gleaming sword' (nice high-str offh
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nd lblade) and 'an ebony shield' (+bash shield).  He also loads a key.  Head back north to the champion room, and then east.  More trackers at this locked door.  Head through the door and northward to the barracks.  At the northeast end is Steels room, go
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
in and 'convince steel' or 'challenge steel' (it may be a new kw but it won't be too hard to figure).  Take Steel back down to Romis area and he will open up a secret.  Follow the path until you can see Grom, and kill him.  Do not touch the knight in the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
oom while Grom is alive.  Once Grom dies, have one of your healers heal the knight.  This is good exp if it's done alone.  Take the group back up the path and west of the cabinet until Steel pushes a button and vanishes.  Have your group all push button t
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  reach the upper level of the keep.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Up from this room are a few more trackers and some master of the thorn mage mobs.  Keep the mages bashed--they can edrain/stun/tent etc.  Head north from here and unlock the west door and fight the 3 tracking, healing k
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nights of the skull.  The high priestess also wanders these few rooms, find and kill her.  She loads 'a small, tattered prayerbook' (word of recall/sunbolt/summon/negative plane protection clerical book).  North of the skulls room are 2 minor priests, kil
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 them without touching the kender.  Once dead, have someone you want to control Steel as a charmie 'push 2.button'.  Now head back to the central room of the upper level.  Head east and kill the guards and the stoneskinned golem to find a mem room.  North
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
of the mem room is a nomagic fight with a lord of the lily.  There is a door to the west of him that leads to the old Ariakan room, but is now a trap set by Lord Saq.  You can either overbash/silence Saq (tough to pull off) or just kill everything.  If Sa
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 q\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 manages to yell, kill guard guard lord captain dragon.  Otherwise you only have to deal with Saq and his guard(s).  Once all these mobs are dead, 'roll statue' and open the door east to head back to the mem room, and 'move/push fireplace' to open a doorw
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
y north.  North of Saq is another fight.  This fight order is usually guard guard high lord, have someone bashing high priest and bashing lord Yath.  This fight can load 'a sterling ornate orb' (unsure stats, +con held maybe).  Once done with this fight h
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ad back to the button room.  Steel will automatically 'push button' and have your group do the same.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head back to the courtyard, being cautious.  You will find a group of Shriners there that you need to kill.  Best kill order is Abraxas, Thar, Katsuhiro, \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Isamu.  They load a few various items of no excitement, and Abraxas loads the key needed for lord Noom.  Loot them, find the fountain near the smith (Steel will say something about Noom), and head back to the button once again.  Push it (mem in the memroo
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 if necessary) and head further up into the keep.  The 'guardian of the tower' dies quickly if you blind it.  Once at the top of the keep, you can go south to fight Kul who loads 'the amulet of Kul' (5hp detinvis neckworn) and 'a transparent shroud' (abou
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 worn autoinvis).  Once he's dead, go back the other way and head north.  You'll have to fight some knights/masters again.  Make sure you are flying and try to spin your group north.  You'll end up in a room with a down exit a few times, this room is a no
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ly dt so don't go down.  Keep trying to go north from the center room until you succeed.  From here, 'shatter 2.mirror (or 1.mirror if you have the mirror key packed)', move north, and 'unl door w'.  West of here is lord Noom and his 2 demons.  Noom is no
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 nearly as deadly as he was before the revamp, but he can still be a pain in the ass if you are low on clerics.  Kill his demons first (stabbing them on entry or having tank kick/charge the first one helps) while keeping noom on his ass with charges/bashe
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
.  He areas like any other high mage mob and has his own flesh decay area spell that does quite a bit of damage.  Noom loads 'a robe of the elements' (body worn autoinvis), 'an obsidian crown' (mageonly 2int autoinvis head), and 'the black staff of shadow
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
' (immune_edrain prime staff mageonly).  You can 'push/move chest' to get below the room and loot the coins.  Either Noom himself or the hidden room can load a magebook.  This is probably the most chaotic book load in the game.  It can be anything from fo
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 cebolt to (uniquely so far) prism.  The mirrored monocle is needed to reach Ariakan so be sure to loot it.  Move back to the mem room and mem.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From here, move west, south, west and wear the monocle.  You will then be able to 'ent passage' to reach the sec\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ret area of Ariakan.  Sara will be in the room for this fight so don't use area.  This fight can either be really nasty or pretty easy depend on how your saves fair.  When you move in, kill the guards as fast as you can.  Once Ariakan/Flare arrive the kil
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 order (assuming everything is alive) is guard guard guard guard dragon lord.  Ariakan can load 'a skull helm of takhisis' (antigood immune_heat headworn), 'a gleaming ivory staff' (4d4++ offhand blud), 'a black lily pendant' (+10hp neckworn antigood/evil
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nly perhaps), 'a pair of dark legplates' (+dam legs), and/or 'the dark plates of Takhisis' (+dam legworn evilonly).  If Steel and his owner survived, you can 'free sara' with Steel in the room to receive upwards of 1million experiece for a goodie char and
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
a key.  This key opens either the cabinet in the lily champion room, or the silver box beneath lord Saq's room.  You can 'open rug' in Saq's room to access the box.  The cabinet loads 'an old tarnished lance' (antievil 2d12 ++ piercer prime) and a druid t
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 blet (mass refresh, firestorm, word of recall).  The silver box loads 'a golden orb' (held light +7th circle clericonly that is also a heal wand).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Mystic Isles
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is west of Drac Tower and also past the evil great white shark.  In the village,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 the high priest and his posee load 'an alb' (+8hp +wis aboutworn), 'a papal cross' (goodonly autofly held light), 'a maniple' (+int wristworn clericonly), and a cure disease/gust clerical book.  To progess deeper into the zone, move west a few of the hig
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 priest to the fountain and 'move/push fountain'.  Go down and loot the key.  Next head north to the gate, and then east a few until you find the Commander to your north.  Kill him and loot 'a letter' from his corpse.  Go back to the gate and murder the g
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
teguards.  Move north to the golems.  From here you have to fight through a forest full of annoying-ass giants and giant mages.  The path through the forest is this:  n,u,e,d,n,u,n.  Once you reach the last room 'open bark' and have a nonevil 'agree' or '
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ccept' what Miles says.  Loot the key he drops and go back down into the forest.  Head north until you reach the corner of the castle and head east to find the gate.  A few east of the gate is the giant commander and a draconian advisor.  These two can lo
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d 'a leopard skin cloak' (+dex aboutworn), 'a leopard skin sash' (+dex waistworn), and 'a suit of crimson banded mail' (+dex bodyworn).  Head back west to the castle.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once inside, get to the central room and go south.  Have everyone either 'enter' or 'tou\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ch mirror' (both commands do the same thing).  Move the group 2 north.  If the room does not have a closed down exit, move back 2 south and have group 'enter' or 'touch mirror' again.  Repeat this until you reach the room with the down exit.  Leave your g
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
oup there and head back south and touch the mirror.  Now you need to find 2 keys.  Go 2 north and south until you find an NES exit room and go east.  Type 'open statue' twice, loot the key from the statue, and flee from the one that attacks you.  Head bac
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 south and touch the mirror.  Now go 2 north again until you reach an ES room.  Once there go east, 'get key' and 'smash orb'.  Now keep going 2 north, south, touch mirror until you reach your group.  If you end up in the labyrinth at some point, moving u
,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n,u,d,s will get you out.  Once back at your group 'unlock crate' and loot the key, then unlock the D door and go down.  Don't touch anything in the next room.  'Unlock silver' and head 2 east past the dt room.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From here you can go south/up to the battlem\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ents.  The archers here can load 'a fine silver bow' (3d7 1/1 bows) and the captain can load 'a mystic bow' (3d7 3/3 bow).  Find the door to the tower and head up.  At the top there are 3 scholars and a mentor.  Quock can load 'a long rope and pouch' (+in
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 beltworn container) and 'a moon staff' (+int mage weapon/offhand).  He also loads tablets (paralysis, cone of cold).  Once done head back down into the keep and go north into the library.  Here, 'pull/move rug' and then 'touch floor' to open a north exit
.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  Go north and 'present letter' to the general to receive the key to the queen.  Head north to the queen and her dragon.  The queen can load a crappy offhand misc crossbow, 'the royal shield' (norent 40hp shield), 'the queen's diamond wedding ring' (+lear
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  ring), 'a silver fauld' (+con waistworn), 'a silver tuille' (2dex legworn), and a crown I can't remember.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 East of the queen is the vault.  There are different items scattered about the zone that give clues to the combination, but I haven't taken the ti\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
me to search for them.  Past the vault you can go all north, south, north to reach the door to the king's ghost.  This is a dangerous nomagic fight against the king and his 3 undead guards.  The best plan here is to have your tank go in and flee as soon a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 the minions arrive.  Now, you'll want your tank to go in and flee immediately.  Once he does, move the group in and have them kill 3.minion first.  If it doesn't die in 2 rounds have everyone flee out and heal them up.  Repeat this until 3.minion dies.  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 O\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nce it's dead flee out and heal.  Again, send the tank in to flee instantly, and then move in and kill 1.minion until its dead or 2 rounds pass.  Repeat until it dies.  Again have the tank enter/flee to target and kill the last remaining minion.  Once the
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
last minion dies, kill the king like it is any old nomagic fight.  The king's tomb can load 'a diamond bracelet' (goodonly +2dam wrist), 'a pair of diamond circlets' (immune_cold armworn), 'a pair of combat sollerets' (+dam footworn), and a possible mageb
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ok.  I am unsure what spells load in this book, should be from relocate or mirror image level.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Forest Shrine of Habbakuk (Shayds)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This is a pretty simple zone filled with good aligned forest mobs.  It's located south of Mt. Nevermind by passing throug\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
h a hidden exist in a barren forest.  The first area is spin rooms with a bunch of wandering mobs.  Fight through them (bash the druids if they assist) and head eastward until you reach a stream.  Remove everyones' flies and waterbreath everybody.  Head s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
uth, down, and all south once this is done.  2 sentries are above you from here.  South of these sentries are 3-4 tracking wolves that have very low hps but hit kinda hard.  Kill them quick.  Wander the village killing elves/sentries/humans/grim hunters. 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Note that any room that discusses 'moisture' at the end of its description is nomagic.  Sentries and Grim hunters can load 'a woodsman's ring' (saves_spell ring), 'a pair of woodsman's sleeves' (+str armworn), 'a pair of woodsman's leggings' (+something I
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
can't remember), 'a woodsman's vest' (+con bodyworn).  In the southwest corner of the village you can fight Shaylon, who loads 'a green hilted machete' (3d5 ++ prime lblade).  The northwest corner is the nomagic fight with Elowyn and Leaf.  Leaf can load 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 '\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
a windswept sandstone tablet' (can be any winds spell druid), 'an earthen mace' (8hp prime/offhand), and 'a heavy earthen plate' (druidonly +wis bodyworn).  This fight also loads the fake 'extra silvery potion' which is harm instead of heal.  In the cente
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
, southern portion of the village is the Elder Mystic nomagic fight.  The room north of him is also nomagic, so it's best to have the tanks flee and go north to receive healing.  Kill the clay golem first and bash the elder.  The elder can load 'a hypnoti
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 medallion' (+gaze dkonly neckworn) and a spellbook around ams/relo level.  The chest in his room is hard_pick and can load 'an extra silvery potion' (rentable heal potion), and 'a suit of woodsman's armor' (neutral only bodyworn +heal).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Moving around the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 mystic hut you can enter Suicide Alley.  This is a series of spin rooms in which 2 caster undead spawn everytime you enter.  Keep moving through it until you come out into the Fey woods.  A jungle wyrm will track to you here, but he's not too deadly.  He
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
can drop 'a plate of elfish bones' (evil only +str -int bodyworn).  The giants in this area can load 'a giant scalp shield' (heavy evil only saves_spell shield).  The centaurs can load 'a bloody centaur skull' (+gaze dkonly headworn).  The pixies can load
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 'a cracked pixie skull' (antigood canfly ring).  The group of dryads can load a 2int/2wis norent headpiece and 'some dryad skin sleeves' (evil thief only +dex arms).  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Isle of Shadows
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
There are 2 ways into this zone.  If you have a lot of tanks you can go up at the cliff and go in the main route.  Kill the dragon Khita and 'enter nest' and then 'move eggs' and head down.  Kill the waterweirds and head east to the deadend.  Have a few s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rong people 'turn statue' and move north.  Kill the undead guardian and 'slide sarcophagus'.  Tero is a dangerous, hard-hitting nomagic fight.  He is also worth 500k+ experience if you aren't ranked.  Have the tanks all go down and kill him, assign 1 warr
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
or as the basher.  Be sure to rescue off at fair/bad and instantly if Tero bashes someone.  Have the tanks flee or go up for heals.  Tero loads 'a pair of heavily scratched gauntlets' (used to be +2hr/+2dam neutral only, unsure now), and a nice belt I can
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 '\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t remember the name of.  Loot the dagger he drops and unlock the door above him to continue into the zone.  From the central staircase room you can go up twice to fight the thief/stabber mob Shiira.  Shiira loads 'a pair of greasy footpands' (ranger/thief
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
only +2dex footworn), 'a golden nail' (+pick), and a glowing dagger that generally sucks.  Head back down to the basement.  East of the bottom is a guardian golem who can load 'a suit of marble plate' (clericish saves_spell bodyworn).  In this room and th
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 room south there are 'revered sons of darkness' who each can load 'a black crystal staff' (lightweight 2wis prime blud).  Loot the marble shard from the golem and unlock the door east.  North of the golem is Walcanar and Aegis.  This can be a long fight 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
f you don't have a paladin so make sure you have a good number of heals.  You can either have everyone kill Walcanar and bash Aegis or just have people kill/bash Aegis.  Absolution works well on Walcanar.  Walcanar can load 'a wreteched medallion' (nolore
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
+heal det invis nv evil only cleric neckworn), 'a dark blue robe' (norent imm heat/cold aboutworn), and 'an ivory staff' (steelskin/darkness/sacred ward/restoration clerical book).  Aegis can load 'a green demonic ring' (+1 all slot evil mage only -con/hp
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 )\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 and 'a small golden trident' (10hp +int piercer prime casteronly).  The chest in this room requires a thief and is hard_pick, and loads a key for the quest and 'a black pearl inlaid ring' (autofly imm_drain ring).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 East of the golem is the room leading to\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 5headed.  By saying 'selur idhob' you are transported to a 1man room west of the dragon.  Evil characters can enter the dragon's lair without being aggroed, but neutral/goodies will piss it off nicely.  This is an extremely tough fight that can be insane
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
y unpredictable.  The best method to win is to have all your evil chars in the room and grouped up.  When ready, have your non evils (has to be done 1 at a time) say the keyword, enter the lair, and follow the leader.  Having your tank do this first is a 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ood idea if he's not evil.  Once you get everyone in the room, do your best to get everybody killing 1.head 1.head 1.head 1.head until they are all dead.  Area is godly here, if you can keep your casters alive.  Once 2/3 heads die, it becomes much easier.
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 Once down to just the body, have your healers retreat and mem while 1 keeps casting.  The body can heal itself numerous times and has a lot of hps.  If you win, its a huge rank, 2million exp, and can load the best spellbooks in the game barring pws.

\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
other entrance to Shadow is for use if you don't have enough tanks to kill Tero, you want to do Caldean, and you have a thief.  Go north and east from the base of the cliff and 'pull branch'.  Then go 2 north and all west to reach the keep.  Keep the door
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 around you closed to hinder the tracking of the masters of dread annoying mobs.  The room to the west of the 1st keep room has a door to the west that must be picked by a thief, and is hard_pick.  North of this center room is the dark lord captain who ca
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 load a few mundane items.  In the captains room, have a sanctuaried mage 'ent wardrobe', 'open crack', go down into a few mobs, 'g all hole' (a key) and dim door or relo back to you.  This is the key for Caldean.  Head back south and west, kill the 2 eli
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e guards, and head up.  You are back in the area with Shiira and Walcanar below you.  Unlock the door to the east and kill the night golem.  Nightgolem can load 'a night shadow bracelet' (+hp wristworn) and 'a bladeless sword' (nolore 2d9++ish lblade prim
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
).  You can 'open door' to open a hidden door to the north.  Send an imm-drain tank in and kill the wraith to the north.  In this room 'blow candle' to open the door to Caldean.  Caldean is a typical high level mage mob with a cat lacky.  Kill/bash the ca
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 first and dualwield for Caldean who is nobash.  Caldean can load 'a black robe of shadows' (+int bodyworn antigood/evilonly mage) and 'a shadow mask' (+int headworn mageonly).  He also loads a mummy claw that is the key to a jar (unlock jar) in his room.
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  A blood red scroll loads inside the jar (heal, stoneskin norent scroll).  'The sceptre of shadows' is a quest item/edrain wand.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Tarsis Wastelands
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The only exciting mob in the wastelands is the Ancient Hermit.  You need to spin out into the wastelands\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 and find the up exit in the southern area.  Spin up into the path and follow it to the hermit.  East of the hermit is a dt so be careful and don't flee.  Hermit has a lightning bolt special that can do alot of damage so bash him down.  He loads tablets (
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
harm monster and tornado), 'a lightning rod' (+2 6th slot held druid only that can storm call if you 'thrust rod'), and 'an amber necklace' (autoinvis/detinvis neckworn druid only).  The brass quest also exists around the wastelands, but too many fools al
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 eady know it and spam it.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Ancient Keep  (**Note:  The entrance from Gargath\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s Keep now involves a combination)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You can either enter this zone through the Mushroom Forest or though Gargath\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s keep.  The best entrance is through Gargath\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s, Mushroom Fores\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t just sucks.  After killing lord Gargath, make sure everyone is freshly flying, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 open throne\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and follow path to the keeper.  Kill him, loot the key, and continue the path until the end.  Open the door and send the tank south.  This fight is maid maid va\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
inda.  The chambermaids can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a silk ribbon\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+wis ring).  Open the door east and send tank, killing the 2 spellcasting butlers.  Once dead, heal up and have everyone move 1 east.  Once the lag wears, move the group 2 south, and send the tank down.  T\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 is fight is nomagic.  Kill the mirror creature and make sure no one flees.  Once it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s dead, move the group 1 south and heal up/fly everyone.  Head 2 west and send the tank down.  Kill boy girl priest healer, bash priest and healer.  One of these mobs can \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 oad \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a long chain and pentagram\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (evil only neckworn/held autofly) and a cure disease/gust clerical book.  Open the door east and wait for the 2 tracking guards and murder them.  Head 2 east, send tank up and kill the stabbing trainee mobs.  Loot the spin\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ing dagger and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 lean trophy\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit east.  Go east (nomagic) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 unlock/open amosnevine\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Send the tank north and fight Erebus.  He has a special to leave combat and stab a random group member, hard.  This is an extremely dangerous fight with c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
sters and erebus must be bashed well.  Avenge faith prime can make this fight a cakewalk.  Eerebus can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black thieving plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (thief/barb +2con bodyworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a black crested visor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (unsure stats, detects headworn).  Go back to the mem room if nec\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ssary.  From there go east, all north if you have the key from prince Ibon in Gargath.  Kill the elite guards, unlock the door/lion and go north to kill King Starden.  He loads a few neat items I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t think of off the top of my head.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 East and north of th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e memroom is a closed door w.  Have the tank spam west while you open the door so that Vauld doesn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t track out into nomagic.  Move west and kill jaguar/vauld.  Vauld loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a slender spiked war axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (rangeronly 2d9++ prime axe) and his jaguar loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dia
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ond-studded jaguar collar\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+health rangeronly).  Move a few south of Vauld to a closed door e.  Have your casters sit out if they like, the next fight is a nasty stabber in nomagic.  Make sure everyone is flying.  Move east, open doorway, and send tank e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
st.  Evaro needs to be bashed, but also make sure someone rescues the tank if he gets low.  Avenge faith primary makes this fight very easy also.  If Evaro flees, send a different tank in each time.  Evaro can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a dark red dagger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d4 encantable offh\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nds), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dark red visor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (headworn infra/det invis), and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a dark red thieving plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex bodyworn).  Once he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dead, head all north of his room to find the Warrior Statue and Amity.  These two require a quest to fight and are very tough.  I haven
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t spen\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  time learning the quest.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 South and 2 down from Amity is the crazy warlock and unfinished strong warrior.  Kill warrior, bash warlock.  Warlock drops \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a strange book\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (powerful strong warrior charmie).  Head back 2 up and north to mem if needed.  If you g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o all south from Amity to the NE room and go east, there is a furiously evil mage below you.  Send tank in and bash him.  He can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of magic shoes\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (saves_spell nosummon footwear).  2 east of him is an outlaw priest that can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a set of praye\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  beads\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+wis/int neckworn clerical).  The pit also has quiet healers and adventurers, adventurers can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a spiked golden bracelet (or similar)\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+dam wristworn).  I am unsure of the path to the pitmaster from the outlaw priest, so be careful.  Some of\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
the pit rooms are nomagic.  The pitmaster is magic, and needs to be bashed.  He summons hordes of rats to attack random people so have your tank rescue well.  2 west and all north from pitmaster leads back to Amity.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From here, go south, west, and 2 north \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 to fight a spellcaster.  He can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of spellcasting gloves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+10hp +int handworn).  This room spins.  You either move back into the Red Room, into a Closet, into a Completely Dark Room or into Lord Kaligath\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s chambers.  If you spin into Completel\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 Dark Room you are stuck in another spin.  You will randomly go into a cave that leads back to Vauld, get sucked into the pit, or get stuck in a 1man room with the Master of Darkness.  You can either swap to a mage and have him move you and poof back if m
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ster, or give a cleric the strange book and have him kill the master.  If you fall into the pit, the exit (pitmaster) is north, west.  The 2nd room is nomagic.  Repeat this process until you get to fight lord Kaligath.  He is nobash and reflect and casts 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ike any high level mage mob.  Avenge head helps some.  He can drop \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 ancient armor of wizardry\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+slot and other stats, mage bodyworn), 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ancient medallion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (neckworn nocharm/nosummon), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a cryptic ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam ringworm), and (rarely) \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a tarnished wand\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 level wand).  Kaligath\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s room is norecall, so move group back south when finished.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **The Lost Valley
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is beneath Garnet (on the 2nd level of the mountains, find a room with only an U exit and type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 enter\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ).  Dinosaurs roam this area, just ignore them if you aren
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t soloing.  Track/find the apeman runner, kill him, and get the jewel out of his pou\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
h.  Move down when often and get in the bottom center of the valley.  There will be an altar and some more apemen here.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Set/drop jewel bowl\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to activate it.  Now have everyone chant altar quickly (lighted person last) and have the tank move into the Sta\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ker of the Mists.  Make sure people don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t move into the stalker if the tank is low hps, as the stalker does a lot of damage with his breath.  It is holdable.  Stalker can load druid tablets (plantwalk, pass without trace, temporal path).  Once looted, mov\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  group down, up, south to escape the mists.  Move into the next area and track down the shadow hunter.  Kill him/loot his key, and move to the north end of the valley.  Hunter also loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a shadow spear\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d9 flat nothief piercer prim).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Go through the doo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r into the Caves of Despair.  There are a few dts here so be careful.  This is a maze where you need to get through without hitting the dts.  A few mobs can load \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 some spirit armor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood \hich\f2 \endash \loch\f2 str autoinvis bodyworn).  I think the path is: all north, west\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
some, north at the first junction, then north again at the 2nd.  Once out of the caves, head north to the gate of the citadel.  From here head east, and north when you can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t go further east.  You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll reach a scannable DT, but if you check exits it will be \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 alled \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 A Small Alcove\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Go in, loot the key, and move back to the gate.  Once inside you have to kill a bunch of stoneskinned guardians.  They are no_stab, so either have a fire/iceshielded caster tank them or kick/frag them down.  Kill the first one, mo
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e west (maybe 1n first) and then kill the 2nd guardian.  Head north from that one, and then east to the 3rd guardian.  East of here is the Shadowlord.  He is nobash reflect, and there is a red skull laying on the floor in his room.  Anyone touching the sk
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ll will die.  Shadowlord is a rank mob and loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a magic pouch\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (a very large waistworn container).  Once dead, head back all west, all south, eastward, and then north some to the 4th guardian.  Kill it, go north to the deadend.  Do not touch the skull, \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ut have everyone in your group type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 up\hich\f2 \rquote .
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This central room spins.  You need to get to the west room, go north to the end, loot key, and get back to the center.  Now you have to spin east and head further east until The Door of Imagination, unlock it and 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 follow the path down.  From \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Gliding on the Wings of Darkness\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 head south and east to find a down exit.  Be memmed and ready.  Down is the last fight, kill order savant then silent.  Both are reflect, savant bashable, silent observer nobash.  Both mobs ar\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  rank and observer is a nice 300k exp.  Observer can drop an unknown mage book, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 some fur-trimmed boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (resist_cold +mvs), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black pearl ring
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (unsure stats), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a gold bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (-10ac wristworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sable cloak\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood neckworn autoinvis), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
the amul\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t of Itark\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (neckworn +dex +str), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a gold belt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antigood waistworn autofly).  The D exit leads back to the apeman shaman room.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Citadel of Dracos
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located southwest of palanthas through Slade\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s forest.  This zone requires a thief (summ\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
onable).  Move west through the archieologist camp and kill the 3 mercenaries.  Move down and find the green shard on the ground.  Have everyone \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 get shard\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and they will be ported into the zone.  After getting shard, everyone needs to go 2 up and type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ree\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Once this is done, make sure everyone is either mounted on a flying dragon or flying themselves.  When ready, move the group u,s,e,s,w,s,e to reach the citadel.  Have the tank go down, and have the rest of the group go down individually also once h
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  is fighting.  Area and assisting owns the dreadwolves.  Once they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
re dead, move the group west to the closed stairway.  Leave the group there, head all east, go up, 2 north, then run back 2 south, down, all west back to group and wait.  A gargoyle or 2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ll track to you and smash open the door.  They are stoneskin so kick/frag them down.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Inside there are black robed and reengage mages.  The black robes are friendly and no_hassle, so have your bashers bas the renegades.  Firstly from the NES room head al\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
l south and have 1 person go into the room east.  Once Gunther stuns move in, listen to him, and loot the key he gives you.  Move back west.  South and west of here are groups of 2 renegade mages and a powerful renegade.  These must all be killed.  Powerf
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l renegades are nobash.  Kill 1 group then mem and repeat if your group isn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t strong enough to kill 2 in a row.  Gunther\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s room is a mage mem room, a hidden room west of the NES is a cleric mem room, and a hidden room south of Gunther\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s is a druid mem roo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
.  The cleric mem room is also summonable and tellable.  Once these 2 groups are dead, move all north and kill the other 2 groups north and west of this room.  The powerful renegades load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a thin, light green robe\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (large aboutworn container, saves_spell).\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2   Once all 4 renegade groups are dead, go east from here and kill/bash Domack.  Domack loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a glass ring filled with mercury\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (-int +learn mageonly) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a renegade\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s robe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+int onbody mageonly).  Loot the key and mem.  Move back outside of the mage ar\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a and either north or south of the entrance.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Unlock the door and send tank (2 door guards to kill at each entrance).  Inside this area there are 3-4 groups of 2/3 soldiers and a captain.  Kill soldiers, bash captains.  Hunt down and kill these groups, m
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 emming back in the mage\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s area when necessary.  Head southward inside the keep and then east some to a room with closed doors E N and S.  Open the door east and kill the captain and general.  The general loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a massive barbed sword\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (3d6 +disarm prime l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 lade), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of ebony inlaid armplates\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+str armworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a suit of ebony inlaid platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (female_only +2con bodyworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of ebony inlaid legplates\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+dex legworn).  Get the key/open the door and head east.  There are 2 more soldier/captain g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
oups in this area so be careful.  Hunt them down and head north (from east of general).  Follow path to the door guards and kill them.  Mem up and make sure everyone has cloak of bravery.  South of this door is Charr, a nobash black dragon.  Beat him down
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 until he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s low hp and he will flee east.  Mem if necessary and move east.  The next fight is extreme damage on the tank until Charr dies.  It is advised to heal every round until Charr dies.  Crynus is the other mob here, and he hits very hard.  When he i
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  low hps Crynus must be killed by magic.  Hitting him with melee weapons will only make him heal himself.  Have tanks spam \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 cast\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 or remove weapons and let the casters finish him from bad.  Crynus loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a treated steel rapier\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d6++ or 2d10++ lblade pri\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e, very nice), 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of treated steel gauntlets\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+2dam dkonly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of treated steel armplates\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex armworn I believe), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a suit of treated steel platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (not a clue, but nice), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a treated steel bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+hitroll wrist I believe).  He also load\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  a gown you will need.  Once looted, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 lift skirt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal Ryka, then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 display gown\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  She will talk and drop a rune you need.  Head back down, mem, and move back east of the general.  Move south, east to find a closed door n.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 North of here is a stabbe\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
r mob that stabs insanely hard and hits nastily.  Tank needs to string open door n,n and you need to follow and heal him instantly.  Door also needs to be closed asap to prevent mob from fleeing.  Once the ambassador is dead, have thief pick bookcase.  Op
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n the bookcase and move east.  Don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t touch the prisoner, but kill the torturer.  The prisoner can be one of three mobs:  A ranger, a cleric, or a paladin.  \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 Free (mob)\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  will give you a staff and the prisoner\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s gear will drop to the floor.  The ranger load\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  various \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 ergothian hunting armor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  pieces that are nice and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ergothian hunting bow\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  which is very nice.  The paladin loads various \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 brushed steel
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  armor pieces/sword.  The cleric loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 ancient elven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  armor pieces, including \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ancient elven breastpla\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (female_only +heal bodyworn [maybe antievil]).  Make sure you have the staff and head back out past the general and to the northern end of the keep.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll reach another room with closed doors N E and S.  Have thief pick door east.  Move in and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 wave r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 une portal\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to open it.  Have group all enter portal.  This area is all spins with obliterating abominations.  Rescue casters instantly here.  Head east/northish until you reach a room with an U exit.  Go up, west, and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 c \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 dispel magic\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  doors\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to break th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  seal.  Mem full, unlock the doors, and go west to find Galan.  He won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t be agro until you \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 throw staff sphere\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  or \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 toss staff sphere\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Once agro, he is a mean nobash mage mob.  He also has group damage specials and sleep specials.  2 stoneskinned gargoy\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
es will also come out of the walls to rescue him.  Keep people targeted on Galan and ignore gargoyles as well as possible.  Be sure no one touches the shard in the room or else they get ported out.  Galan loads a nice magebook (relo/mirror level likely), 
\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 the robe of Galan Dracos\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+15hp +int bodyworn mageonly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a palladium ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (globe charges), \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 anklets of woven palladium\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (legworn +dex canfly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an amulet of the astral plane\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (secret keyworded [I don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t know] nomagic/held recall item), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a runed hood\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 (nv headworn).  A silver key also loads someplace in this room or near.  It unlocks the chest in the archieologist camp, which loads Honor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s Face (very nice nolore axe prime).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Pax Tharkas
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This is a very long and interesting zone.  This guide assumes\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  you plan to do both Glymmer and Verminaard.  Unfortunately I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t had a chance to get back inside to completely figure out Feisal, so he won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t be included. You will need a \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 medallion of Mishakal\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 from Xak Tsaroth, so make a quick stop there before hea\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ing toward Pax.  Also I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t had to lead Pax in quite a while, so a few of the room directs might be off slightly.  Either way, you should be able to wing it easily from what I provide.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Begin first by going to the entrance of Qualinesti and going all s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 outh when able.  Once in A Crescent-Shaped Clearing \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push bush\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal a path south.  Move south (once or twice) to find Gilthanas and Eben.  Ignore Eben and bow before Gilthanas.  Let him speak and allow a tic or two to pass until he shoulders his pac\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
.  Say \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 You have my word\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and he will give you a glowing yellow gem.  Leave Qualinesti and get back out to the road, and move toward the regular Pax entrance.  Kill the guard, make sure everyone is always flying, and head along the path west.  The down ex
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t is a no_fly dt.  You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll run into groups of 2 hobgoblin soldiers and a hobgoblin captain.  When the captain dies a reflect worm will spawn.  These groups respawn occasionally so just deal with them.  Find A Path Along a Wall NS exits (I think that\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s the \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 oom name) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push stone\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (or push wall perhaps) to reveal an east exit.  Make sure tanks are healed and send one 2east.  The fight is nomagic and involves a few guard dogs and some tracking guards.  Kill them and move up.  Kill the archers above you and
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 the pitchman and his lackies to the west.  Back in the center room you want to buff up your best tank as much as possible and have him \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 knock door\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 .  He will get sucked into the closed room east and forced to fight a solo nomagic mob.  It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s not overly tou\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
h, but can cause problems if unprepared.  Once it dies, have the tank loot the key and come out.  Go in and loot the red vial from the chest that has appeared in the room.  Move back down and outside of the tower.  Head south and follow the path up the cl
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ff.  Kill the tracking guards/wyverns when they come.  Find the wounded knight and either \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 drop vial\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 present vial
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  or \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 give vial self\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to help him.  He will give you a figurine you will need later.  Head back down the cliff and back toward the zone entr\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nce.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head east this time, killing the captain groups whenever necessary.  Follow the path to a NSW.  West of here is the draconian encampment that holds very hard stabbing sneaking guards.  These guards load \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a grooved dagger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d6 +2dam thief prime).  A \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 few other items load in the camp that I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t seen load in ages.  It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s dangerous and probably not worth the risk mid/late wipe.  Head southward until you reach a Tree.  If you look at the tree you will see there is a hole in it.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Place figurine hole\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  o
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 insert figurine hole\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say huma\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to open a passageway east.  Go further south until you find a room with a ladder.  Have the tank spam \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 climb ladder\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and once he goes, the rest of the group also.  Kill the archers and the commander.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 unstrung black bow\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 that you need a high str person to string.  When done it becomes \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a large black longbow\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (4d4 3/3 bow that specs cone).  Continue southward until end, go east, and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
place gemstone indentation\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Head back north to the exit made at the \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ree.  Head down the path and follow it until you reach a dead end.  Have a good aligned person 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pray/kneel statue\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , go n, and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 spin/turn wheel\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  The wall to the east will open.  The next part of the zone is packed with knights of solamnia that agro evils.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  Fight through them if necessary.  Follow the path eastward until you reach a 4-exit room called Center of the Action.  South of here is a path leading to a recup/mem room.  North leads to the crazy druid.  Mem up if needed and head north to the druid.  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ou want to have the tank enter/flee in order to get the beetle to appear.  Once done, send him back in and kill beetle/bash druid.  The beetle loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a rhinoceros beetle carapace\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+hp druid bodyworn).  The druid loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a faded green robe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (about worn +2w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s), 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a bracelet of threaded roses\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+7hp +int antievil druid wristworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a magical watering can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (autorefilling drink container), and druid tablets (mass refresh, fire storm, and word of recall).  Once dead, head back up and mem in the memroom (druids ca\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  mem in druids room).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Back at Center of the Action head east and down.  Have group \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 enter waterfall\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
.  Move north and an east or two (until NEW exit room).  North of here is a nomagic room with a ranger mob inside.  When aggroed, a tiger and bear will track in from the room east and molest the casters, so you need to leave a tank or two to guard them.  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 H\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ave the tanks kill ranger/flee for heals.  Ranger loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a gold inlaid mithril bow\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (very nice bow), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a pair of fighting trousers\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (some odd statted ranger pants).  He probably loads other items I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t seen yet.  Once he is done, get rid of your fl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 only and become waterbreath.  Leave group to mem and move west (maybe 2) and south through a hidden exit.  Move down to a room with NESWU exits.  In each direction but up there is a statue depicting a period in Krynnish history.  You need to turn them in
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
the right order.  The statues move when the zone repops.  You need to turn statues in this order:  Origins of Mankind, Kinslayer War, Vinas Solamnus, and the Kingpriest.  A down exit will appear in the central room.  Head back, round up your group, and br
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ng them down through the exit.  Follow the path to the entrance of the Solamnic Camp.  Note the knights in this area will track to an evil char, so have area ready if you have some.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You need to roam the camp and kill every single mob here before doing Gly\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
mmer.  The painter and the commander will yell, so do them last.  Once all the knights are dead, mem full and get ready.  Resist cold is a must.  Lein and Glymmer is an extremely tough fight.  Start by sending your tanks into Glymmer the Elf\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 s room, and h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ve them kill him.  When he dies, Glymmer the Dragon and Lein will track in and attack.  Move the rest of the group in.  Everyone needs to kill/bash Lein first and then Glymmer.  You cannot flee until Lein is dead.  Glymmer will area every single round so 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e prepared.  Lein drops \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 dragonrider gloves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (very nice handworn I am unsure stats) and other various perma_maxed items.  Glymmer drops his skull (very nice unsure stats also), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a deep purple prism\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+7th neckworn mageonly), druid tablets (enlarge and ins\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ct swarm) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a small golden prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (hideously rare\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 
sunray and healing mist clerical book).  Assuming you survive this fight, head all west of the camp and climb the hill back up to the mem/recup room.  Mem up and head back outside of the solamnic t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nnels.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Head all south and east to the indentation, and head all north into the Sla-Mori.  Move west (Do not touch Kith-kanan), north, west.  Rummage to receive a key.  Head back east, south, east.  Be careful here, there is a dt.  Once back at the ESW, he
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ad all east to a room with a closed door N.  In this room \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 raise medallion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Open the door and head in.  Move past the trash on the floor to the room with closed doors E and W.  There are 3-5 hidden caryatid columns in this room.  They are stoneskinned a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d assist, so use frags/kick/area.  Once they are dead, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pull chip\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit north, head in and go east.  Have everyone \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move/search debris\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and they will be moved inside of the fortress.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From here you need to be as fast as possible without dying.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  Move the group east and north some until an U exit.  Above here are groups of patrolling guards.  You want to kill/bash the mages first and then assist the tank.  There are 2-4 of these groups so be ready in case 2 come in at once.  Once groups are dead
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
head east, down, and through the door south.  Head east to a closed door N and go through, be ready for another group or two.  Kill them and head up, north, and west.  Open the door S and kill dog, Zhultar.  Loot the key ring from the dog and any other it
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ms (unsure what loads here, always maxed).  Head back east, south, down, east, south to a closed E door.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Select key\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to flip through the keyring to find the right one to unlock the door.  Open door and kill Rthanan, typical high lev mage mob.  He can lo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fiery-red ring\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (+7th slot evil mage only that does damage when worn) and probably other items I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
m unaware of.  Head back west and all north, and go up into the tower.  Kill the guards there, move down and westward to the other town, and kill the dog\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
/guards there.  Head back down into the cellar.  Find the locked door that is east, north from the cellar entrance (from debris) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 select key\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 until you can unlock the door.  Send tank in and kill ogre, commander.  Loot the key and head east, all s.  U\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e this key to unlock the door south.  This room has a deadly trapped coffin.  Have a thief disable and pick it.  Coffin loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an inverted cross\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evil only +dam neckworn I believe) and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a ring of pure darkness\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evil only +heal ring).  Head north until y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
u reach another locked door west, select the right key and go in and north.  Listen to Maritta and say \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Yes\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to have her follow you.  Lead her outside into the courtyard and back toward Zhultar\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 s room.  Go past his room to the next locked S door, select t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e key, and go in.  This is best done alone, using say can awaken the dragon.  Maritta will tell you to wait here, so wait for her.  When she comes back, move into the next room and wait a sec.  She\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll produce a key and unlock the cell s.  Move in and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 fre\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  children\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  They\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll follow you.  Wait a second or two, then move back out into the dragon.  The children will disappear.  Head back out, round up your group, and go back to the northeastern corner of the courtyard.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If you were too slow to kill Zhultar \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 you might have to wait until next sunrise or sunset before Verminaard returns home.  You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll see a message when Verminaard returns, and also a message showing Ember dying to Matafleur.  Maritta will appear and follow you.  Have her sit here so she doesn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
et killed in the fight.  Move 1 west and prepare for Verminaard.  This can be a very long fight because Verm is limit damage, high heals, and nobash.  You want to begin by killing/bashing the draconian.  Hopefully Verm will waste most of his heals on the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 rac before it dies.  If he summons a Demon, get tanks to target it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 
it has low hps and Verm can heal it.  Once the draconian dies get everyone on Verminaard and wail away at him.  Have clerics use their heals, flee out, and mem as fast as they can.  Once t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e draconian is dead the fight isn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t overly deadly, but it can drag out past heal count.  The draconian captain loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a skull flail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d5++ prime bludgeon decapper), \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a black insignia of the Dragonarmy\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+con neckworn I believe), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the robes of darknes\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (formerly evilonly nobash, unsure stats now).  Verminaard loads a thin metal rod (druid lightning storm tablet), an ancient tome (gate/animate/strength of one clerical book), and a few other items I have never seen load.  You can go west from Verm and s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
lect the right key to fight some wyverns.  They drop wyvern claws (decent misc offhands).  Head east of Verm to find the barracks.  Unlock the door to find the blacksmith.  He is a typical nomagic fight, not too tough.  Look the trunk from his corpse and 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ook inside.  Trunk loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of unfinished mithril legplates\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+20mvs +dam legworn).  Once everything you want to kill is dead, retrieve Maritta and move to the southeastern corner of the courtyard.  Kill the guards at the prison entrance and go in an\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 east, south.  Let her and Elistan talk.  When he finishes, have a cleric heal him.  This is a good exp quest for good align.  He used to drop \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a small tattered prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (word of recall/summon/negative plane protection/sunbolt clerical book), but it ha\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t loaded the last few times.  There is also a throne room north and 2 west of Zhultar.  The throne likely loads items I have never seen load.  Kith-Kanan also loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Wyrmslayer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (a nice prime lblade usable only by elves).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Dragon Isle Chain (Irda)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 is zone is hidden in the ocean north of Kalaman.  To find it, find the old elven fisherman and follow this path: 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n,n,w,n,e,n,n,e,n,n,w,w,w,w,s,s,e,n,n,e
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Starting at A Strange Lagoon, the entire zone is no_summon and (I think) no_poof.  Head eastward in\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 side, kill Jargin and his elementals.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a belt of seashells
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (waistworn saves_spell druid/mageish).  Follow path to the village gate and kill the human guards.  Head all east into the zone, stop at a closed tree north.  Go in and kill Veros, loot\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 the key, go up, unlock/open hatch, and loot the trunk in the room above.  Take the leaves (if they loaded) to the alchemist (a few rooms further east and 1 north) and give them to yourself to receive \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 an orange potion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (norent fastdecay AMS potion).  Head\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
all east, and turn all north.  Go eastward through the door and kill the priests/Clagon.  Loot the key, mem, and head south.  Unlock the door and send a tank into the nomagic room to \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 rub pentagram (or similar)\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 .  Htoll will appear, and the tank should fl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e.  Close the door once it tracks into the room Wizinvis.  Have the tank flee and instantly reenter to force Htoll visible.  Keep him bashed, and overbash/frag him hard when he hits bad.  He can escape and hide no_hassle if bashes fail or he dies too slow
.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2   Htoll loads spellbooks (clair, ams, relo, monstersummoning, maybe mirror).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once done with Htoll head back outside the temple and all south to the other end of the city.  Go through the gate and follow the path.  Fight off the blink dogs/irda scouts.  Ki\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ll the 2 giants at the castle gates, be careful of their special.  Once memmed, send the tank through the gate and wait for the horns to blow before going in.  Lots of trackers here, area and assisting rule.  Raylax is the only one who hits remotely hard.
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  Raylax loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a light golden shield\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (autolight shield) and a key.  Take his key and move through the door at the north end of the courtyard.  Move all north.  2 west of this room is a 2man room with a hermit.  The hermit loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a staff of meditation\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (+\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 2\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
int prime blud).  He is a dangerous fight.  The room is 2man nomagic and the hermit has a para special he likes to spam.  2 tanks need to kill him/disarm the staff as quickly as possible, fleeing for heals.  Once done with the hermit, head all east an nor
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h.  The next fight is very tough, so spell up before heading east into the nomagic room (quaffing the AMS potion if it loaded is a good idea for a healer).  When ready, move east and say 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Laniru\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open the door.  This fight order is bard, terahio, lord.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 The bard is reflect and needs to die as fast as possible.  Bard has a hold/entangle special he enjoys spamming and fleeing is impossible while he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s alive.  Area works well.  Once the bard dies bash lord to stop him from casting.  Bard loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ancient t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 me\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (gate/animate/strength of one clerical book).  Terahio loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a silver slicer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nice offhance lblade) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of barbed wire boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+2dam footworn).  Lord Loklomin loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a flowing robe of oak leaves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+8th slot druidonly aboutworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a silver ch\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
in of maple leaves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antievil/goodonly +2int autoinvis neckworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a rod filled with multicolored gas\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (norent mageonly prism wand).  Loot the key from Loklomin and mem (hermit room is cleric mem).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Move to room south and west of Loklomin, open the woo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
den, and move west until you can move north. Head north until you can see The Barracks on exits.  Send the tank and let the lammasus track in.  Kill/bash them.  Move east, open the steel door, and kill Tarl south.  Tarl loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a horned helmet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nv headwor\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ) and the other key.  Loot his key and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 combine key\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 with the piece from Loklomin.  Move north, west, and south some and find the up exit (not the tower).  Go up and east.  Behind a closed N door on 2nd floor is Vestiv, a nobash cleric mob that loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y-blue robe etched with gold\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+wis aboutworn).  All east on the 2nd floor leads to a closed E door, behind with is a sun child and Mazuz.  Send the tank in and have him flee to make the sun child track out.  Afterword go in and kill Mazuz.  Mazuz loads \hich\f2 \lquote 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  helm composed of wispy blue flames\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+dam rangeronly headworn) and some type of orange flaming potion (rentable haste potion).  Head back all west and down to first floor.  Head further down into the basement and go a few east until a closed door E.  Ope\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  it and kill/bash uzo joslen invoker, frag down the skinned golem.  Once their all dead \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 open tapestry\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 go south, and loot the tuning fork.  Head back west and follow the path to the dead end.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Tune fork\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to shatter the wall.  Move further to the vault. \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Unlock it with the combined key.  Vault loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black demon skull\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3wis evil cleric only headworn det invis), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a black belt with a skull buckle (+str con or dam I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t remember and a big container for evil waistworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ancient jade ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+8th slot \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ageonly ring), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a serpentine ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+bludgeon skill), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a bone-twined leather breastplate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antineutral bodyworn +heal), and a possible druid tablet I am unsure of.  A book also loads here that can be taken back to the city (need to kill the mage guildmast\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
r for a key) and turned in to an imp for good exp for evils.  The phoenix east of the vault spawns a tougher one each time you kill it until \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ancient phoenix\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  which is nobash.  It loads \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a belt inlaid with fiery opals\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (casterish immune_heat waistworn)\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an egg of the phoenix\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (charmie creation item).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Celestial Valley
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is divided into a Good side and an Evil side.  It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s impossible to do all of both sides in a single run.  It is required (usually) that part of the Good side be done in ord
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 er to do the Evil side.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Good side:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Start by finding the zone through the Eastern Dreadwoods west of dwarf keep.  At the young knight type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 agree\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 to receive the horn.  Fight through the forest and be sure to kill the Cambion and his group, he loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a long black steel scimitar\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d5 offy lblade).  Move to the northeastern end of the forest and follow the path.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Blow horn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  at the dead end to open \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
he path.  Have a good aligned char move in and listen to the cleric\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s speech.  After the cleric casts his spell, have the good char move 1 north past him.  Move the rest of the group in and kill the cleric.  Have the goodie char inside keep go 1 east and \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 pull lever\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reopen the portcullis.  Move in and west to kill Kenny the guard.  Loot his key, move east, unlock door n.  Have some tanks spamming bash mage and bash squire as you move the group north into them.  Hug the eastern wall until you reach a ro
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m with SW exits and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 open doorway\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to open a door east.  Move in and kill Vrinal.  His room is cleric_magic_only and he has a hold person area special.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sunburst long sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d7++ offy lblade) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a suit of flexible red dragonscale armor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
dyworn +dex/+hr armor).  Loot his half of the key and mem.  Move back up, hug the east wall again until you see an up exit, then go all west and 2 up.  Send tank north and kick/area/frag down the 2 suits of armor.  In the room south of the armor you can 
\hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ouch butt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open a secret door east.  Go east, north and check the table for \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a teal potion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (rentable heal potion) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a teal cloak\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (neckworn autoinvis).  Go north and up of the armor and kill Bors, who loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a honed dwarven battleaxe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d6 3/3 axe \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 rime), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sterling cuff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+str wristworn antievil [I think]), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of spiked sterling gauntlets
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+1hr/+1dam handworn antievil).  Head back down, all south, 1 down, and all north.  Send 3 tanks and a healer west to kill the archer.  Once it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dead \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 push green\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open a secret passage.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The next few rooms are blocking, so get everyone back outside.  Send the tank west, north, north first then a healer.  Have the rest of the group move in afterword.  Kill the shade, and then have everyone move up (s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ame order as they entered this room).  Have everyone kill/bash mage mage and dualwield for Kinin.  They are all % reflect.  Kinin loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an embroidered white robe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+int bodyworn mageonly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an azure-symboled white hood\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore +7th slot mageonly headwor\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a purple glass wand\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (very fast decay cloudkill wand).  Loot the 2nd half of the emerald get and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 combine key\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 them together.  Have group head back down and out through the blocking rooms.  Mem if necessary and head back all south, up, all north a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d unlock the hatch above Bors.  Follow the path to Than.  Than hits hard, has a target special, and has a high damage impailing special at low hp.  Bashes help immensely.  Than loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of stitched dueling gloves\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (+disarm +parry I believe), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a flexi\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 le red dragonscale bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+hr wristworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a fine dueling rapier\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore nice prime lblade), and a key you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll need.  Grab the key and head back down to the bottom level.  Mem if necessary and head all east to the other tower and move up to the top.  He\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d north, kill the 2 keep guards, and unlock the hatch.  Kill the sea elf ranger at the top of the steps.  He hits very hard but has no specials.  Sea elf ranger loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sea elf headband\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (ranger/thief detinvis infra headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a flexible glassteel sabre\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  (2d7/2d8 offhand lblade), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a flexible red dragonscale sleeves
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex +hr armworn).  Loot his key and mem fully.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The next fight (ranger, cleric, druid) is long and can be dangerous.  The best way to handle it is to have everyone kill the druid and bas\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
h the cleric.  The tank needs to be awake and able to rescue quickly when the ranger targets or rescues the druid.  Have clerics run back down to the mem room and mem what they can during the battle.  Once the druid dies, have everyone kill the ranger and
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 bash the cleric.  The ranger hits pretty hard, but without the druid the fight is much easier.  The druid loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a long golden cloak\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (aboutworn canfly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a runed topaz bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antievil nolore +int +7th slot druid only wristworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a steel-shod oak\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n club\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (keyworded prime bludgeon druidonly nolore).  The cleric loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a moonstone ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (ringworn +wis).  The ranger loads \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a small feathered pendant\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (autofly neckworn) and a ring I cannot remember but is nolore.  Loot the key from the cleric, mem full,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 and prepare for the planetar.  Planetar hits randomly weakly or extremely hard, has a high damage area attack he uses if not bashed, and a very deadly single-target special.  Heal the group well and keep the tank above bad and it shouldn\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 t be overly toug\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 .  Planetar loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a massive sword of divine wrath\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nolore goodonly 2handed sword that hits randomly for special damage), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of huge white wings\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn canfly), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a blue silken turban\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+3 3rd circle good mage only headworn).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once the planet\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ar dies, a demon shows up, drops some coins, and tells you to leave.  The last part of the goodie side is very dangerous and requires either a lot of luck or a huge amount of area.  Mem full and slowly move down toward the bottom level.  Note that all the
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
mobs scantrack, and there are about 10-12 of them.  They all massacre or harder and half of them are high level mage mobs (prism/tent/stun).  The trick is to either scantrack them solo and kill them one by one or jump whole groups and hose them down with 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 rea.  The leader demon hits harder and casts more often than the weaker ones.  The leader can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of demon claw gauntlets\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (evil only +dam handworn) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an orb of black flames\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood mage only +12-15hp imm_edrain held).  Once the planetar is\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
dead, the entrance to the evil side of the zone is closed.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Evil side:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The zone is the same up until Kinin.  If Bors is naked he can be skipped to just kill Kinin and get the \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 purple glass wand\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Make sure Kinin dies fast enough so he doesn
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t waste all t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 he charges on it.  Don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t take too long at this point, you need the wand and it decays quickly.  Move back out of the keep and into the forest.  Head all south to the southeastern corner and fight through the bats in the cave.  The end of the cave has the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 A\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rch to the evil side.  Have the tank enter the arch first (he will be degrouped) and have everyone else follow.  The entrance room is nomagic and has 2 massacring flesh golems, kill them to receive the key for the door.  Head south until there is a branch
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 to the east.  Buff up your best tank and send him east (he will be locked in a nomagic room) and have him kill the guard.  It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s not overly difficult and he can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a blackened spiked bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (tankonly \hich\f2 \endash \loch\f2 dex autoinvis wristworn).  Have him loot the keys a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d come back out to the group.  Move south and kill 2 more flesh golems and unlock the S door.  Move a room south (maybe 2 rooms) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push wall\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal a secret exit to the east.  Head all east (make sure tank is immdrain) and kill the fiend south.  It\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
s a stabber mob that will flee, so be sure to bash it.  Other than the key, it can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a wickedly barbed shortsword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d5++ antigood thief stabber).  Head back outside the secret wall, make sure everyone is flying, and move all south.  Send a tank down \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nd let most of the dretches track in to him.  They are weak and die quickly but there is upwards of 15-20 of them.  Fight them off and head to the southeast corner.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Unlock the door, leave your group behind, and move south just far enough (no more than 2\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 rooms) to find the hidden rabbit.  Do not go into the room beyond the rabbit yet, you will die.  Use the wand to cloudkill and wait until you hear 15 or so death cries from the south (the rabbit will die too).  Wait for the cloudkill to disperse (or gust
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 )\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 and go get your group.  Move all south and send the tank east.  Kill the 2 insects and piscoloth (he loads a norent mageonly prism wand), loot his key, and have the tank step a few rooms east until the succubus.  She has \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 her arm
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  that is a tentacle wand\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 she enjoys spamming if not overbashed.  She can drop \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of succubus wings\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antigood female_only bodyworn canfly).  Mem full.  The next few rooms have a bunch of scantracking bone golems that all doublemass/annih.  Rangers beat the hell out of them a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d area helps also.  Make sure your melees are all on the same one.  Fight through, youll know the end when you see 4 golems in the same room that don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t scan.  Kill them, mem if necessary, and then move north to kill Khane.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a wolf tooth bracelet\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  (wristworn +str +hr) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a broad bladed twohanded sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore nice damage twohanded sword that has a special to make the wielder drunk [blooddrinker]).  Mem full for the next part.  North of Khane are 4-5 stone golems which you need to stab/kick/frag
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 /\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 area down.  Usually can avoid having more than 3 in a room at once, but they do scantrack.  Make sure you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve killed them all (don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t touch the rust monster) and have your group mem.  Run back to Khane alone, then move south and west and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 clear debris\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Go\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
into the uncovered room and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 g all shelf\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to receive a \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 creamy black potion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (norent fastdecay enlarge) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a thin copper wand
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (charm monster wand).  Move back south, east, north some, east, north, west to find a cute little rust monster.  Use the coppe\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 wand to charm him, and lead him to the northeast corner of the cave.  It will eat the iron golem and leave a key.  Round up your group and head through the door.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 A room or two later you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll find the next fight, Velchior.  He hits hard and has an extremely\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 high damage bash.  Anyone casting on him will be bashed and take 150-200 damage, so let your melee do the work.  Heal the tank early.  Velchior can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a carved dragon claw ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam ringworn), 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dragon tooth necklace\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore like +2hr +health neck\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 orn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a carved dragon bone breastplate\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (+2str bodyworn).  Continue on and you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll find another room with a black robed apprentice and another arch.  Kill/bash the apprentice and have your group all enter arch and get reformed.  From here you can reac
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  Vshrinal by moving u,n,w,w.  There are wandering trash mobs and also big groups of them lead by hezrou demons.  Using mass invis will work well to avoid the manes, but the hezrou\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 s do see invis.  Hezrous can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a long hezrou spine\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d5++ offhand pier\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
er).  Reach Vshrinal and listen to his speech.  Once done, head w,d and send tank down again to fight the glabrezu.  Kill him and lood his head and take it back to Vshrinal.  There is also a Babau either 2 west of Vshrinal or w,d,w of him.  Babau can load
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a long babau horn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (headworn +2con).  Vshrinal himself is killable but extremely dangerous.  He hits excessively hard, has an area affect special that either confuses or stuns, and a targeted special that does insane damage and paralyzes.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 an o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nate twin-bladed battle axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore 5d5++ decapper 2handed axe) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the gauntlets of Abyssal might\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antigood or evilonly 3dam handworn).  Head e,e,s,d from Vshrinal to return to the arch.  Mem full and have your casters get full damage spells.  When yo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  are ready, you\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 ll have tank enter the arch first and others follow/get regrouped immedeatly after.  The first mob is the archmage.  He likes to cast a lot, and is % reflect.  He needs to be bashed to conserve heals for the 2nd fight.  The mage can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  pair of dark blue satin boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore bash_mod footworn), a few other items I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ve never gotten to see, and a high level mage book rumored to be mirror/prism level.  When the archmage dies, you have 1.5 tics before the lich will appear.  The obsidian lich\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
is nobash and perma stoneskinned.  Have your casters frag him down and tanks kick/charge.  The lich loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an obsidian circlet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nv headworn) and other nice items I cannot remember.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Qualinesti
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Quali is located west of the goblin camp.  You need to fin\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d a room with only EW exits and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push bush\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to open a hidden path south.  Follow the path west until a NE room.  Move south to enter the zone.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 In the southwestern portion of the forest is the shrine guard and the shrinekeeper.  The shrine guard can load \hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a mithril bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antievil +dam wristworn) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an elven pike\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d6 1/1 prime polearm antievil).  The shrinekeeper might actually load these items, but I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t remember offhand.  The shrinekeeper is a nomagic room that is agro to anyone non-good aligne\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If you head west from the entrance and north when possible you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll move towards the city.  When you reac the Cliff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s Edge (north is a dt, be careful), head east first.  Follow the path and kill the posse of elves patrolling it.  Loot the key from the fie\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ld marshall.  He also loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a helm of clan oakleaf\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (infra headworn).  Move to the end of the path and through the gate, killing anything agro.  Eventually you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll scan \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a tall purple elf\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  These are the elven heralds, the most annoying part of the zone.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 If they shout, quite a few bronze dragons and elven high guardians will become agro and track you around the zone.  The trick to killing the heralds is to move your group in all together, have your tanks spam bash on them, your casters silence and then f
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ag.  Kill this one and continue south until you reach a closed gate south with a key on the floor.  Loot the key, but this gate is pickonly.  Head back out and around to the Cliff.  Head west this time and kill the guard and the griffons.  Loot the key fr
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
m the guard, move west, kill the guard dog, and loot its key.  Move into the city and follow the path to the next herald.  Kill it the same way, and unlock/go through the locked portcullis to the east.  Close these doors behind you so the guardians don
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rack later if you annoy a shouter.  Once you reach a room with 2 closed exits N and E, open the gate E and kill another hearld.  From here, you can head north to Lord Nam\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s house and kill him for a possible druid tablet (call lightning, icestorm, cure cri\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ical), head east toward Porthois, Alhanna, and the Gazer, or south toward the platinum dragon.  The most efficient way to do this zone is to go east first, so head that way.  Be scanning for heralds and also elven servants.  The servants have low hps but 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 hey will also yell.  Elven citizens yell as well, but they aren\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t agro and should be ignored.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once you reach a closed gate to the east, go through it and head south.  Follow the rooms and kill the K\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 lael agro guard on the eastern side.  1 room north of this guard is an NS room.  Type 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pluck petal\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit to the east.  Head east and up int\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 the tower.  W,n,w from the landing is a memroom for everyone.  From the memroom go e,u and scan to see Alhanna and Porthois to the south.  You can kill the royal guards that wander the floor if you are afraid they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll move in on the big fight.  For this f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ght, have everyone kill marshall, alhanna, porthios.  Bashing Alhanna helps stop her from healing.  Porthios has a heal or two he might use on himself, but usually he doesn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t bother for some reason.  Alhanna can load \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a ceremonial elven slingstaff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (caste\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 only 4d4 3/3 misc prime), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an emerald crest\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (2int/2wis headworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of regal elven gauntlets\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (cleric only autoinvis handworn).  Porthios can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a great elven axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d6 2/2 prime axe) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of regal platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam bodyworn).  Once th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
re dead, loot the key from porthios and unlock/loot the throne.  His throne can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a hooded black chasuble\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evil only +heal bodyworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the starjewel\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (held immune_fire reverse cold resist), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a small tattered prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (summon/word of recall/s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nbolt/negative plane protection clerical book).  If you wish to fight the gazer, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 shine moon\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 in the throneroom to open up an exit east.  The gazer is east, up, west from this room, and it there is a DT to the west of it.  Cloak of bravery is essential.  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
he gazer is nobash and reflect.  I never took the time to figure out the quest, but \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a gazer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s eye\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  is no longer nobash, but it is awareness and other neat things.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head back outside the tower to the 3way junction just before the outer gate.  Go north to k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ill lord Nam (nothing notable about this fight) if you wish, and then come back and go all south.  Go through the door, kill/bash the magic-user, and loot his key.  Head east, up, 2 north, and send tank up to fight an elven lord and noblewoman.  The untra
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ped chest in the room can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ceremonial elven cloak\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn +dex container rangeronly).  The elven lord can load \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a great mithril bow\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (4d5++ bow).  Once their dead head d,s,w and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 unlock/open web\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Move in, and have your group all type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 break e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Now \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 touch gate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open it, move west and north to fight the granite golem.  It can drop \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a granite shield\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+5hp shieldworn).  Type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push gemstone\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit east, head that way and type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 rub neck\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 at the room with the fountain and go west.  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 N\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ow have a few group members (not leader or maintank) \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 bend bars\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to open a doorway north, and send the tank in.  There are 2 stabbing dreadguards here that can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the ancient sleeves of stealth\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex +dam armworn dex/thief).  Move north to the mem roo
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and mem full.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 North of this room is the enormous platinum dragon.  This is usually a pretty easy fight but can get dangerous without resists or if saves lose.  Make sure to be resist electricitied, and have your tank type \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 cast\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  when he enters the room\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  to summon the 2 elves.  The kill order here is kill/bash elf elf and then dualwield for the dragon.  The dragon can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a vicious black dagger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 \hich\f2  (3d5++ \'93\loch\f2 \hich\f2 decapper\'94\loch\f2  dagger prime thiefish), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a platinum gilt helm\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (goodonly +heal headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a dragonshelm\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 (\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 +2con headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of platinum gilt boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex +con footwear I believe), \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a thin metal rod\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (lightning storm druid tablet), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ivory staff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (sacred ward/darkness/restoration/steelskin clerical book).  He also loads \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 an auburn vial\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (norent au\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 odeath potion which I believe is involved in the gazer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s eye quest).  You can \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
climb rubble\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and move through a tunnel and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push wall\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to get back to the rest of the zone if you have reason to.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Lunitari
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located in the sky (duhh) and you ne\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ed to find Stutts (northeast of Lemish in the mountains) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 board ship\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Your group will be transported into his ship on tic and it takes 2 tics to reach Luni.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From the landing zone head all south and west until you find a path further south.  Fight of\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
f the worms/tigers in your path.  Follow the highway until you come across an eastern exit, and move that way.  At the Fungus Orchard, head south and east until you find a closed gate.  Type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 charge gate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 twice, the first time will summon 2 trees to kill \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nd the second will open it.  Move south a few into the village (fighting off the treefolk) and go west when you can.  Listen to the One, the Treefolk\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s riddle and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say sky\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  He will give you a key and attack.  Move all east and north until a closed door \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o the west.  Unlock it and follow the path to a dead end.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Get all rope\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 unlock rotting.chest\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  loot the rotting chest and type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 twiddle\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and loot the key that appears on the floor.  Move back out past the door and all south.  Unlock the southern door, g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  in, and go west to the dead end.  Type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pull door
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push wall\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open the path west, and follow that direction until the end.  Here type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pull two\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 pull three\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , and then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pull one\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and loot the key from the ground.  Head back out toward the e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
trance of the village, except unlock and go through the closed E door before the exit.  After going through the door type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 open trapdoor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 get all trapdoor\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  to get a note and some string.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Combine string hook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to make a little fishing thing and hold \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n to it for now.  
\par 
\par -----
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 (Note this part leads to the King of Lunitari, which is generally not worth doing on a full group.  If you don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t care about the king, skip down below the next set of dashes) Continue east until an NSW and have your tanks move sout\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h into the smoky rooms.  It will be nomagic and they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll take damage but not a lot.  Have them find the smoke elemental, kill it, and loot the stuff it drops.  When it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dead, they can keep moving north until they get back to the group.  Head north, unlock
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ng whatever doors lie in your path, and find Seven, of the Treefolk.  (Sorry for not remember directions specifically here, I usually wing the King).  Say \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
lunitari will blow your mind\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and he will give you a key and attack.  Note that Seven can also load\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson glass bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (easy frag +dam wristworn).  Take his key and head southward, unlocking and going through whatever doors you can.  DO NOT CLIMB THE WALL TO VALIANCE.  There is no way out of that room short of figuring out his hideous riddle, wh
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ch I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t remember for the life of me.  Continue south and kill the 2 trees guarding the kings door.  Loot their key, mem if necessary, and go attack the king.  The fight is kill tree tree king, and then kill/bash the elite ogre that poofs in after he di
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s.  The king loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dusty tan tunic\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (bodyworn autoinvis), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of cut-off pants\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+mvs legworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a well-worn battle club\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (4d6++ 2handed bludgeon), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pointy hat (or some variation)\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+int headworn).
\par 
\par -----
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head back out past the entrance of the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 village and back onto the highway.  Head northward until you reach the plain of stones, and wander northeast until you find a room in which you stub your toe on a big rock.  Here type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 use string hole\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to fish another key out of the ground.  Now head all\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
west and north to the northwestern corner of the planes.  Here starts the lunitarian hills, in which each room has a plant that annoyingly blocks your movement.  You can spam the direction to get past eventually.  There are 2 ways to get through this part
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 :\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  kill everything or mass invis and spam through.  The ogre mages and chieftain do not see invis, but the ogre magi priest does.  The priest (scannable as wearing a holy symbol) can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a runed crimson skull staff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (held autofly light) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a wicked chai\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and dagger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d4++ offhand +style sblade).  The chieftain loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 dual crimson gauntlets of ogre power\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (trash item nolore no found benefit).  If you kill the chieftain, 2 elite ogre mages poof in and need to be bashed.  However you decide to get through,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
follow the path west until you reach an SWU junction.  South is the quickest way to the boulder, so I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 d recommend going that way.   Eventually you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll find a room with SU exits with a boulder that you can look at.  Get your group here and have a few of the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move/roll boulder\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and move north inside.  Unlock the door and kill the imp that flies in.  Move north and down and mem full and listen to the chatter of the battle group.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 There are a few ways to do this fight.  If you have a good number of heals (3 cle\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
rics is a good idea here) and some nice area, you can fight them all at once.  If you do this, the best method is to have everyone kill: mage druid cleric warrior while bashing the cleric.  Have your casters either area or focus damage on the mage and the
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 the druid.  The thief can be blinded relatively easily and rompe is just an annoyance who will die eventually.  The 2nd method of doing this fight waits until the group breaks up and heads to their rooms.  Have a tank, a cleric, and your casters move eas
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  into the mage\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s room as soon as you engage the warrior.  You also want another tank to go down and keep the druid occupied.  Have the mage group kill the mage, then move west and down and kill the druid, then come back into the main room to kill the cler
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c and then the warrior.  If you have a basher left over in the warrior room, have him bash the cleric when it arrives.  This fight is fun and spammy but can get chaotic and dangerous if it
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s not done quickly.  The cleric loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a golden battle ankh\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (anti\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 vil held/neckworn +heal) and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a small golden prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (sunray/healing mist clerical book).  The warrior loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of golden dragonscale plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+str imm_drain bodyworn) and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a slick blade\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d5++ +age offhand lblade).  The mage can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a book of \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 attle magic\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+10/15 learn held mageonly) and also a magebook (colorspray/haste/relo level).  The thief can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a runed knife of crimson adamantite\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (2d9++ prime sblade.  A fake one also loads but will vanish quickly).  The dark knight can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a deadl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  serrated battle axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nolore decent damage decapper 2handed axe antigood).  Check the beds in the rooms of each group member for similar loads also.  Have casters mem in the room closest to their respective class.  At some point go into the mage\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s room a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 g all shadow(s)\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to get a chest.  Get the ball of levitation from the chest.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head back outside the boulder and either fight through again or invis past the repopped plants back to the SWU and up back out into the Plane of Stones.  Head southeast b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ack to the highway and keep going south past the village turnoff this time.  You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll end up at more plants, but there are only a few to spam through.  When through the plants you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll arrive at the base of an obelisk with exits SUD.  Make sure everyone is fl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ing and head up to kill the brass dragon, Cupelix (he is agro to evil).  He is nobash, holy, and has a heat blast area breath attack, but otherwise not incredibly dangerous.  Cupelix can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a brass dragonscale shield\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (+con shield) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a brass dragons\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ale battle orb\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (autoinvis +9th slot held mageonly).  He probably loads a few other items I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t remember.  When he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dead, move the group back down below him to mem, and head alone 2 up.  Type \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 rub ball\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit further up and move in. Do not dr\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 p the ball of levitation yet. Loot the coins and type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 g all stack
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 get all pile\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  This room loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the medallion of the keeper\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (quest item needed in a minute), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a tall candlestand\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (rentable autofly wand with a charge or two), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a scroll of improve\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  transport\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (rentable lev 30 invis, fly, refresh scroll), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a gilded-gold scroll\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (relevel scroll), and a magebook (ams/relo/haste level).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head back down to the group and move down below them (alone again).  At the bottom of the shaft type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 g debris\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
use debris spikes\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to make it safe to pass the spikes north of you.  Round up your group and head all north to the massive gnome.  The massive gnome is a very dangerous fight, but it is bypassable by typing \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 present keeper.medallion gnome\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  The gnome hit\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 for 400-600 damage a round with vicious oblits.  To kill it, you need to make sure your casters do not assist and your healers heal every single round.  If you can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t kill it outright without memming, just keep the clerics from engaging with magic and the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 can keep the tanks alive while they flee to remem.  Make sure your tank has at the very least 650hp if not 700+hp for this.  The gnome can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fulgurite plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (imm_heat or imm_elec, one of these I
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 m unsure), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ring of gnomish power\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (gnome only +3s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r ring), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of fulgurite sleeves
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (no clue what these are but nice), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fragile fulgurite helmet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (saves_breath norent headworn that loads if you kill gnome or not).  Once the gnome is dead or sent away, be sure you are fully memmed and head nort\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and up to the closed door.  \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 Say open\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open the door.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The next fight can either be laughable or insanely dangerous.  The Avatar of Lunitari is probably the most unpredictable fight in the game.  Moving into the room causes the leader to be forcebolted
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 . There are 3 forms of the avatar:  the first one is a simple bashable reflect mob to beat down.  The 2nd avatar splits into a black and a white avatar, in which you should have your tanks \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
kill black and bash white\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  When either white or black dies, the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
3rd avatar will appear.  This avatar is nobash and high % reflect, so have your tanks dualwield and casters area.  It has a lightning bolt breath similar to the magespell except area affect, and it casts high level mage spells at a 35+ level.  Stuns from 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t last an insanely long time, its prisms can fire off twice instead of once and hit each person with 3 rays.  It also makes 11 images when it mirrors and fires 15-20 magic missiles.  Shielding the tank is a good idea.  Sometimes it just doesn\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 t seem to ca\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t, other times it just goes nuts.  Ride out the area and keep people healed to win.  Avatar can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson cloak inlaid with marble
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+int neck/about worn neutral only mageonly I believe), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson shawl inlaid with threads of marble\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore sense\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 life +int headworn neutral mage only), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ruby red dart\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (quest item you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll need in a minute).  Have everyone but a summoner recall (have him run back to the obelisk down of Cupelix) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say it is only an illusion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open the wall north.  North is a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
norent nodrop sphere with a keyword to clair and a dusty chest (chest is only there if I book is loaded inside of it).  Move south, down, and south to The Entrance Chamber.  From here (make sure you have the dart and the ball of levitation) type \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 enter ro\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and then go down into the crimson winds.  Go north and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say it is only an illusion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to be teleported before Lunitari.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Kneel lunitari\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to be recalled, stunned, and given the key to the chest, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson sphere medallion of lunitar\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (norent minor_limit\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 _\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 damage neckworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson potion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (norent fireshield), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson splotched egg\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (beast of creation summoning item).  Relo/get summoned back to the obelisk and go unlock/loot the book from the chest.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **High Clerist\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s Tower
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Located just south of Palanthas and west of the Tollhouse.  Start by killing the templars outside the north or south portcullis and loot the keys.  These templars can also load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a solamnic two-handed sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (4d6 2handed swords antievil).  Move into the to\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
er, note that the knights inside will be agro to evil.  Find the knight patrol groups and kill them, checking their corpses for the inner tower key.  There are 2 groups and only 1 key loads, so just kill the other group if the first one doesn\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 t load it.  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 F\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ind the closed door W on the eastern side and unlock/go in and kill the 2 guards at the bottom of the stairs.  Head up, 3 north, and into the dining room to the west.  Knights will track to and attack evil chars in the hallway.  Once in the dining room 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 sh red.button\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit north.  Make sure people are flying and no one uses say until out of the elevator.  Move in, \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 push button\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say 3\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Send tank north into the stabber, Sirak.  He can breathe acid but is para/holdable.  Sirak loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ho
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ked blood dagger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nolore nice sblade offy with a damage special).  From here you can go west to kill Thomas, north and west to kill Gaston (clear/clean desk in his room to find one of the combo #\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s), and 2 north west to kill Lilliana.  Lilli loads a key \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ou\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll need and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 dual anklets of gold\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (legworn canfly).  Loot her key and go east, up, south, and unlock/move through the west door.  Next fight is lady, mark.  Lady can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black silk teddy\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (bodyworn imm_drain) and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 an azure silken robe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ocharm_nosummon).  Mark loads another key.  Loot it and head north and 2 east and south to fight Persion (he is holy).  He can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sterling bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (goodonly +hr wrist), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a sterling breastplate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (goodonly 2hr nocharm bodyworn), and another key.  Loot \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 he key and go north, west, south and unlock Michael\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s door.  Mem full.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This fight is best done by killing elf, slate, Michael.  Bashing elf keeps her from casting, Michael himself is nobash.  Michael likes to rescue slate and the elf so be sure your tank \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
is ready.  The elf loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the staff of the Speaker\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (decent casteronly blud prim with sunray special) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 boots of the elven magi\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+hp mageonly footworn).  Slate loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a huge iron axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (6d4 +hr 2handed axe).  Michael loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of sterling gauntlets\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  (+2dam +1hr [or reversed] goodonly handworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a medallion of Paladine\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+5hp detinvis neckworn goodonly), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ivory staff\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (sacred ward/darkness/steelskin/restoration clerical book).  Once mobs are dead you can \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move desk\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal the vault panels.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  You can change the numbers by typing \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push left\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push middle\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push right\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  I haven\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 t found the remaining combo numbers yet this wipe so I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t include them here.  There is also a riddle after you input the combo and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 pull handle\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , the answer was
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say shadow\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  last wipe, but I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 m told it was changed.  The vault loads druid tablets (enlarge and insect swarm), \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 the ring of the High Clerist\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (unsure full stats but very nice, imm_drain ring), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sterling claymore\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d10 enchantable 2hander primeable wit
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  26str), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the hammer of the Forge\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (6d6 fast decay norent hammer quest item).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Mem up and head north to the up exit.  Make sure everyone is flying and kill the agro moves above.  Move east and 2 down quickly (nofly dts) to return back down to courtyard\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
.  Head to the northwestern corner of the courtyard and kill the knight.  Loot the key and move into the forge.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Pound stones\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal a down exit.  Move down to fight the crypt guardian.  The guardian is nobash, hits decently hard, and has a laggy, hi\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
h damage special it uses on random people.  Kill it, loot the key, and unlock the tomb.  Tomb can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the sword of the Kingfisher\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d7++ goodonly 2hander primeable with 24str), \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 the plate of the Kingfisher\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (unsure stats, very nice goodonly bodyworn), \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nd \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a jade key\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  The key is not 100% load.  If it does load, head back out to the southern part of the courtyard and find the locked gate/portcullis north.  Unlock it and go in to see if \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dragon orb\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 is loaded on the pedestal(very special item, +1 all \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 lot canfly held, causes damage when held).  
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Theiwar Caverns
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located inside Kharolis mines, all south from the group of kua-toa scout stabbers on the lake.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The entry tunnel is inhabited by puddings, rust monsters, lurkers, and a large ot\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
yugh.  You want to calm/flee past the puddings since they divine repeatedly and frag a bunch.  Track down the otyugh, kill it, and loot the key.  Then head southward and go down when able, then north, east, south, down to reach the next level.  Kill/bash 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 he umber hulk if you find it.  Umber hulk can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the eye of the umber hulk\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (det invis light held).  Move to the western side of the cavern and type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 ent crack\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to move through the wall and go down.  Follow the tunnel, killing the mobs in your way.  Us
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  the otyugh\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s key to unlock the trapdoor at the end and go down to the mindflayer area.  Mindflayers will poof away and go wizinvis if they die too slowly or aren
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t held/overbashed at bad or lower.  Normal mindflayers can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a purple silk robe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (saves_\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
pell bodyworn).  At the northwestern end of the area is the Master Mindflayer who casts like a high level mage but is bashable.  He can also poof away and hide if you are too slow in killing him.  The master can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a skull-shaped medallion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+1int/+1wi\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  evilonly neckworn).  The chest in the room with the Master is dangerously trapped and shouldn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t be touched without a thief.  If the chest is a mimic, it can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an emerald and electrum medallion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2-3 charges of AMS).  If the chest is trapped with a de\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 dly area explosion, it loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a staff of striking\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (decent damage caster prime that has a nice damage special).  Head back northeast, through the tunnel, and out the crack back to the umber hulk area.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head north into another tunnel and turn east when able\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 .  Kill any guards and the imp with the key.  Guards can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of black soldier boots\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (saves_para footworn).  Loot the key from the imp and head back west and further north.  At the gates kill/bash the imp and archmage.  Mage can load a glitter/fo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
cebolt/locate/calm level magebook.  Move through the gate to the 4way interection and go west, south, and east until a closed door S, killing any guards on the way.  Send the tank in and have the group kill/bash apprentice, mage, captain.  The captain can
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of leather armor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (infra bodyworn).  Loot the key from the mage and head back to the 4way junction.  Head east and kill the imp and either frag down or blind/calm the stoneskinned xorn.  Theiwar workers in this area load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a imp-skin pouch\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
od sized waistworn nodrop containers).  The conjurers can load weak enlarge potions.  Head west back to the 4way and go north to the golem.  Kill it and mem if needed.  Unlock the door and send the tank into the 2 stabber scouts.  The scouts can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ack adamantite shortsword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d4++ glowing offy sblade) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a spiked wrist buckler\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+dam \hich\f2 \endash \loch\f2 dex wristworn).  Mem again if needed and head 2 north.  Next room is a fight with the 2nd archmage, 1 or 2 scouts, and maybe 1 or 2 more mages.  Kill/bash the archm\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ge first, then any mages, then the scouts.  The mages can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a gem studded bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+3rd slot wristworn).  Kill any mages east and north that didn\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 t wander in and mem.  Move north of the archmage and open the door and wait for a weak-stabbing tracker o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 two to come through.  Once done, move north and then send tank north again to kill adept adept priest.  The adepts can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black silk waistband\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (det invis waistworn).  The priest can load \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a blood red cowl with black runes\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (-5hp +2wis headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 long black stole lined with red\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+int waterbreath neckworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of black sleeves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex armworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of black leggings\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+mvs legworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a small tattered prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (summon/sunbolt/word of recall/negative plane protection clerical book).  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 M\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 em up and head west into the maze.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The maze is a group of spin rooms with a few theiwar scouts, hard-hitting glabrezus, and driver/demon teams.  Move through the spin, bashing drivers whenever necessary, until you reach an U exit.  Clerics should not cast
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  in any rooms above the bottom of this shaft, doing so will cause the group to lose 30k exp a piece.  Send the tank 4 up and kill Simm.  Simm is nobash and can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a bloody axe-shaped medallion
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood saves_spell neckworn).  A glabrezu also likes to\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
wander up here so find/kill him.  Run group back down the shaft for heals when needed.  East and north of Simm is the emaciated dwarf.  He is a typical caster that can be bashed, but he will poof away and hide for a few seconds repeatedly at low hp.  Have
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a tank move out/in to make him appear again.  Dwarf can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a venom dagger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore nothief nice offhand sblade that has a damage special), 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a sheath in the shape of a viper\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (waistorn +envenom), and a \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 thin golden necklace adorned with a charm\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evilon\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y 8charge gate wand).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Last Gaard Mountains
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located past the steam golem on Southern Ergoth (past the Elven Arch).  Once over the bridge (don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t fall into the dt water) hug the west wall and move northward through the ogre plains.  Eventual\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ly you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
ll reach some rooms heading west with verbeegs.  Fight through these and follow the path into the zone.  At the first path splitting, move 1 north and make sure everyone is flying (taking a tic to be sure a fly doesn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t wear is smart).  Head up and \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ill the scouts east and west before it tics.  Kill/bash the apprentices if you don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t make it in time.  Head back down and north into the canyon.  There are large groups of mobs here that don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t hit very hard.  Assisting and area eat them alive.  Minotaur s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 out leaders can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a steel flail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d9 prime bludgeons) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a thick steel broadsword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d5 enchantable prime lblades).  Fight through the canyon until another up exit.  Let it tic again and be sure all are flying, and head 2 up and kill the scout.  He\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d back down and continue northward to the ESW room.  Head west to the up exit, let it tic, and go up, kill the bird, up again and kill the last scout.  Head back down, go west, and send tank south into the stabber mob Ertimus.  Kill/hold him and \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 clear ru\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ble\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal some stuff on the ground.  Grab it and head north, and all east.  Move north into the valley and kill tiger tiger panther, bash panther.  Hug the west wall until you reach some gnolls and a tiger.  Don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t touch the gnolls, kill the tiger, an\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 continue into the cave.  Go up, kill the lions, head west and kill any miners, go up when able, and head west and southish and west again to find and kill the foreman.  Loot his key and head back to the up exit.  Go up again, east, and have your tank 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 en\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  hole\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and then follow him in.  Have tank step east and north to the dracolisk and kill it.  Dracolisk can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a mithril and gold ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (det invis ringworn) and some coins.  Move back out of the hole, west, and unlock the trapdoor up and move in.  Head \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
orth and kill the mobs west and let it tic.  On tic, have everyone \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 enter chute\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to land in the wagon.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Fasten tarp\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to keep the enemies outside from seeing you.  Wait 2-3 tics until the wagon stops.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s stopped move out of the wagon head south, we\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 st, south (killing anything in your way) and head up to kill the giant chieftain and guards.  Chieftain can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fur-trimmed girgle\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (waistworn +str).  Go down and move toward the southestern part of the courtyard (find the open up exit), go up, kill t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e 2 elites, and head through the door east to kill Destibus.  Loot his key (and the 3d4 offy axe if you like) and move back to the ramparts with the closed U exit (northern center of courtyard).  Have an imm_drain tank step up and 2 west to kill any wrait
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s that are there.  Give the emblem you found in Ertimus\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 cave to the knight and he will give you 2 ghost knight charmies.  Loot the medallion that appeared on the ground.  Head back down the ramparts and to the central southern part of the courtyard.  Kil\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  the 2 spitting guards and mem full.  Unlock the door and make all bashing chars ready to spam \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 bash cheetah\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
  The next part of the zone involves having your tank step through the keep until you find and kill 4 hard stabbing cheetah mobs.  They like to fl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e at any hps so they must be bashed.  Once all 4 are dead head to the northeast corner of the keep and find the paymaster.  Kill the man and a leopard will spawn.  Kill/bash it, loot the key, (and the chest if you want 500 more coins), and head to the nor
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
hwestern corner of the keep.  The garden in the center of the keep is a memroom when needed.  Kill the minotaur (ranseur sucks) and move 2 west and kill the elves.  Open the curtain north to find 2 more elves and Melizzir. Melizz loads \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a pair of midnight\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 blue bracers\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+str +parry armworn).  Head east and south and unlock the closed doors east and check the chests.  Chests can load \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a suit of ebony platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (saves_spell bodyworn) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black granite axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (4d5 prime axe).  Head all south past these room\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 , unlock the door east, move 2 east and kill/bash Jaketh to the north.  He can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a transparent mask\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (detinvis detmagic headworn) and a key.  Grab it, head south and east until an S exit, move south/north quickly and let the mobs die.  Head north, unl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ck the door n, move in, g all table (can load a magebook), back south and west and into the ambasaador room.  Kill the 2 elves and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move panel\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal an s exit.  Follow the path to its end, killing all the black mages.  Mem full and move to the ES exi\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  room and send tank north to fight Brith\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
nea.  She is nobash and heals, and will calm/summon 2 red abishis that need to be bashed/areaed.  Once their dead beat Brith down until she runs out of heals or you have a paladin that can avenge/abso her.  Loot th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  medallion from her corpse and run back to T\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 orgh\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s room.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Patch medallion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to combine the fragments together.  Head back down to Brith\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s room and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 climb rope\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and go down to the tranquil spring.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Place/set medallion pedestal
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open a down exit to the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 crypt.  The first crypt room can load items in \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 1.niche\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
2.niche\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 1.crack\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 . Southern crypt room loads items in \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 1.niche\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 1.crack\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 2.crack\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Western crypt room loads items on the ground, in \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 1.niche\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 skeleton\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 casket\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 chest\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  The crypt\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 can load (in various places) \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a malachite encrusted bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antievil +heal wristworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a globe of radiance\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (held light with a recharging AMS keyword), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 bracers of blinding strike
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dex armworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of adamantite mesh\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (autohide ranger/thief), \hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  barbed silver ring\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (+dam \hich\f2 \endash \loch\f2 health thief/ranger ringworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of Solamnic mithril plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam +dex bodyworn goodonly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the staff of the Abyss\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (evilonly prime bludgeon that is a recharging gate wand), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of pearl studded greaves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+str legworn\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 )\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 , \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a skull-capped mace\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood clericonly 3d5 2/2 prime bludgeon), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of gold runed armor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (autoinvis).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Bay of Balifor
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Find the chain ladder in the sandstone cliffs at the northeastern end of Balifor Bay.  Have the tank climb the ladder and the rest of the group do the same.  Kill the guards, loot the key, and head north into the zone.  Kill/bash Karine.  She can load 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 air of pitch black gloves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antigood +int handworn).  Move 1 room east, get the key from the pantry, move back west and up.  Unlock the trapdoor, make sure tank is imm_drain, and send him u,s. Follow quickly (the room gets sealed off) and kill/bash the de
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 on and then kill Shi\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ar.  Shi\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ar can load a forcebolt/locate level magebook and a pair of autosneak boots.  Mem up and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 open grate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal a down exit.  Head down to the bottom and send the tank east.  Have your clerics blind the stoneskinned viper and\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
either calm or have everyone flee off of it and retarget the Balrog.  Kill it, loot his key, and mem full.  Head back down and follow the path to a Warm Cave.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Master of Maces and his dragon Gruarth is usually a medium-challenge fight for a good group, b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ut it can get ugly quick.  The best tactic is to have everyone kill/frag dragon (its immune_heat) and bash the master.  The master doesn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t usually heal the dragon, but both mobs like to area.  Once dragon dies the fight is simple, just kill/bash the maste\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 .  The dragon loads various red dragonscale pieces whose stats I can
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t remember and druid tablets (mass refresh, word of recall, fire storm).  The master loads more dragonscale pieces including \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a red dragonscale book\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore +int don\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 t try to study) and\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a red dragonscale pendant\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evil only neckworn +heal).  Master also loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a small golden prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (sunray/healing mist clerical book).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Silvanesti and Silvanesti Secrets: (**Note: Silvanesti was revamped recently\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 use this guide only as a starting \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 point, it will be different now)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Silvanesti is located all the way east of Tarsis and Lantern.  The first part of the zone is a hideously annoying spinning forest of undead.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Tower of the Stars:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Begin by killing as many undead elf warriors and priests \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 as you can find until one of them drops \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a white marble key\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Once you find the key head northeasti through the spins until you find the Tower of the Stars entrance to the east.  Once here mem up and head eastward into the bottom floor of the tower.  Fig\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t off the undead guards and bash the lich that will come in eventually.  Head to the center northern wall.  Have a mage or 2 spell up and move north through the \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 solid wall\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
, go up, and kill the wraiths (% reflect mobs) to open the way for the rest of the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
group.  Move the group north and up to reach Caiphus/Faldainen area.  Head east, kill the golem, and have a lawful good char open/loot the statue.  Statue can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a vial of holy water\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (rentable heal potion).  Faldainen is south of here, Ciaphus to the \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
est.  Both are dangerous fights that I have actually not gotten to do.  Once done with the statue, head back down to the bottom floor and move to the northeast corner.  Have your best keyword figurer \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 ent chute\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  and try to figure out the keyword to open t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e ceiling for the rest of the group.  I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t had a chance to play with this one myself.  East and north of this room is the 12-headed Hydra.  It has dangerous area breath and random targeted attacks.  Hydra loads druid tablets (fire storm/mass refresh/\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 w
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ord of recall I believe\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 could be tornado and charm monster however).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Head back up and south to find Lorac and a big dragon orb.  Touching the orb will get the person killed, so leave it alone.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Guide lorac\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to have him follow you.  Make sure your group k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nows not to use \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 elf\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 as a keyword when fighting the undead guards.  Head south and east to the staircase and head up, then west onto the 2nd floor.  Follow the hallway around (ignore the closed doors) west, southish, then east to the next staircase.  Hea
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  up the stairs, west into the hallway, and all south.  Move east into Lorac\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s bedroom and let it tic.  He will wake up and attack, kill him.  Head all west and all up and kill the iron golem.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Open hatch\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal an up exit and Anatlab.  High lev nobas
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  mage mob who summons in 2 apprentices like Cervos.  Kill Anatlab and bash the apprentices.  He can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of elven boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (thief/ranger autosneak) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an aspen staff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+int delayed +2 5th slot mageonly prime blud).  He also loads a robe that I can\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t think of.  Head back down to Lorac\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s bedroom and mem.
\par 
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Move bed\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 push/open/touch depression\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal an exit to the north.  Head in and down the stairs.  There is a room to the east with a table that can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a teal potion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (rentable heal potion\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
).  North of this area is the old Fake-Cyan.  This fight now consists of the Nycadaemon, a red Cyclops, and a black lich.  This fight can take a lot of heals so don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t do it if you aren\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t prepared.  You have to spin into the room so have your tank rescue o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
f quickly.  Have your group begin by killing the nycadaemon and bashing the Cyclops.  The nyca is a mage mob that enjoys areaing so kill it as quickly as possible.  The Cyclops has a nasty lag/damage/bash special he uses on the tank if it\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 s not bashed.  T\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e lich is a nobash (reflect too I think) cleric mob with about 9-10 heals.  The lich won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t heal the nycadaemon but it will use every last heal on the Cyclops.  Once the nyca is dead focus everything on the Cyclops and have your clerics flee out to remem i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 needed.  The Cyclops will obviously rescue the lich.  The nycadeamon loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an adamantite helmet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+2con headworn).  The Cyclops can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an adamantite shield\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (nolore nice clerical shield), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an adamantite breastplate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (unsure stats), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dark mithri\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  bracer
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+heal wristworn).  Once all three are dead you have access to the portal leading to Cyan Bloodbane.  I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve never gotten to fight him, so I have no idea what tactics to use.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Silvanesti Secrets:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Instead of (or after) hunting down a key and heading\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 to the tower, you can continue to wander around the forest and fight off the undead until your group is suddenly teleported into a room without mobs.  From here, have a druid or ranger temp path \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 tyrant\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 until they succeed.  Follow the path until you can\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 scan the mob, but beware that there will also be stoneskinned gargoyles in the room if it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s nighttime.  Wait until day and kill the tyrant.  It is nobash and nomagic with some annoying specials, but it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s not overly difficult.  From here you can have your \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
trong members \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 lift slab\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal a tomb.  Head all down and north to find a group of mobs spread out into 2 rooms consisting of \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a brown clad man\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a rotting lich\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a mummy\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a yellow ghost\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  If you have a strong group and a lot of heals you ca
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 do the fight straight up.  To do this move into the room with the man and engage him.  He will call the mummy and the lich into the room.  Have your group kill the mummy and bash the man.  Once the mummy dies you can either kill the lich or the man, but 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 eep bashing the man (lich is nobash).  The lich heals itself and the man, so do what you can to outheal it.  The man can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a brown robe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (aboutworn autofly) and a very nice (mirror/tent/prism level) magebook.  He also loads a key to his desk that can \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 oad \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a raven feather quill\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+learn held).  Move back east and kill the ghost which can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ghostly shroud\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn autoinvis).  Head back outside of the tomb, have strong members \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 lift slab\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  again to get back out.  Note that gargoyles will be outs\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 de during the night.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From the eye tyrant\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s room, move n,n,e,n,n,n,e,e,s,e,s,s,s,w,s,e,e to reach \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 The beautiful forest of Silvanesti\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  A one-armed elf wanders this area and can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dark sack\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn large container).  East and south are also hair\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 less dogs that load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a bronze chain collar\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+con neckworn) and more elves that can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of dog hair sleeves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+dex resist_cold armworn).  Head north and east to fight some tracking honor guards that can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of green elven boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+2dex f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
otworn) and some decent offhand weapons.  South of this room is a spring and a memroom which has elves that can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a garland of white roses\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (mentioned below).  North of this room leads through a hidden exit into a gaunt cleric, a dark druid, and a sil\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
er dragon.  Mem extra cure blinds for this fight.  The cleric and druid are bashable, but dragon is nobash and has a sunray breath weapon.  Kill order is kill/bash cleric druid dualwield for dragon.  The cleric can load a create food wand, \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a garland of w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ite roses\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (goodonly +heal headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pendant of the sun\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (rentable cure crit wand), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ivory staff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (sacred ward/darkness/steelskin/restoration clerical book).  The dark druid can load items I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t seen and druid tablets (summon, barrier, mass\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 fly).  The dragon likely loads items I have not seen either.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **The Mound
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located west off the road between Palanthas and the High Clerist\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s Tower.  Move through the scrubland until the end, move north, and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move tree\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  to open a path.  Head \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
north to the gates, move east and kill Pooda for the key.  Now head through the gates and hug the east wall until you find a down exit.  Move into the Karst Caves (mem room) and kill the 2 draconians.  Head east to a down exit, and have your tank run 3 do
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n (all block rooms).  The 3 draconians at the bottom hit relatively hard when they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 re all alive.  Area/kill them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 
they frag.  Head down again and south to find Aspre Tohz.  Aspre is a high-hp pure melee fight.  He can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of spiked battle armets\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 (\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
evilonly armworn +dam), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a bloodstained steel band\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (-10ac wristworn antigood), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a heavy rune-inscribed battle axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d7++ heavy axe prime antigood), and 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black battle kilt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam legworn).  Kill him and loot his strongbox which loads some of his items,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an onyx plate\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (quest item), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an onyx pentagon\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (quest item).  Head back and mem up then come back down and move north, east of Aspre.  Send the tank south to agro one of the ugly draconians and have him flee out.  The drac will track, and 2 magical \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ssistants will poof in when it dies.  They both cast and force, so keep them bashed.  When they die, move south and kill the other ugly drac and the 2 assistants.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 re all dead \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 place/set pentagon hole\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  to release the wall.  Now have some of your strong members \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 slide wall\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open an exit to the south.  This is a nomagic fight and the mob turns into a statue.  Jaraag loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a malevolently hooked beast goad\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (4d4 +disarm polearm prime), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of darke\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ed tusk scalemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evilonly +str bodyworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of bloody butcher
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s gloves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam evilonly handworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a bloody butcher\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s apron\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evilonly aboutworn immune_drain), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a crimson shield of the wyrmgaard\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nice +bash shield).  Send a healthy tank east\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
and kill 2 more drac sentries.  East again is another draconian assistant that killing will cause 2 more assistants to poof in.  Kill them, loot their key, and get the hemisphere from the desk/cabinet in the room.  Now move the group back outside to the K
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 rst caves and have them mem.  Move up alone (bring a tank if you need to) and head northwest through the trash.  Find a closed N door and go in, and kill Gopi Ratbasher.  He can load \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 a crooked crown of the gulldwarves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore \hich\f2 \endash \loch\f2 int +7hp delayed headworn),\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 and loot his chest to get a key to the shack.  Head south, east, and then north again until you find \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 At the base of the statue\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and rummage.  Open the statue, loot the other hemisphere, and head back south some.  Find the up exit leading to the shack (d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t go up the slide!) go in and kill Eras.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Get shovel rack\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 clear pile\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and loot the 2nd onyx plate.  Now type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
combine onyx.plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  Head back down to the Karst Caves, round up your group, and head back down east of Jaraag.  Move all north by you\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 self (don\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2 t use say) and finish off the keywords with \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 screw hemisphere\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 combine staff staff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , and then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 unscrew hemisphere
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  These keywords give 1million+ exp if done alone.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Now you can go back to your group and prep up for Ochre.  He\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s a very tough r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 \hich\f2 ed dragon (immune_heat, fire breath).  Once ready have your group not \'93
\loch\f2 \hich\f2 say\'94\loch\f2  anything and move back north to the portal.  Have your tank \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say tyhin ror fybkes safe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to be ported into the dragon chamber.  Once you see him fighting, have the rest of the grou\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 say the password and get ported in.  You want to have everyone kill/bash dracos because he will flee/stab very hard.  Dracos is also para/holdable and landing one will end him quickly.  Once Dracos dies have everyone dualwield for Ochre.  An iceshield sc
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 oll helps immensely here as Ochre has a shitload of hitpoints and regens a ton of them every tic.  Beat/cold spell him down as fast as possible.  Dracos loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a cloak of bloody scalps\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (save_spell -2 [maybe para] aboutworn antigood), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a crimson dragon sp\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ne javelin\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (very nice prime thief stabber), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a red metallic javelin\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (harder to frag nice thief stabber), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a set of blood stained leather wrappings\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (antigood bodyworn +2int +wis).  Ochre can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a mithril crimson bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+con autoinvis wristworn)\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 and some other nice things I haven
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t seen.  He also loads a magebook (mirror/tent/prism(?) level).  
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Dargaard Keep
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located southwest of Kalaman.  This zone isn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t overly complicated but is filled with angry undead of all sorts.  You want t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
o hunt down and kill all of the undead guards and knights before making a move on Lord Soth.  Beware of the Fire-Blasted Room as it is a non-scannable dt.  Undead guards wander all over the keep, but the knights are stationary.  There is one guarding the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ase of the stairs on the bottom floor, and 4-5 move in the guardposts on the floor just below the top.  The undead knights can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fire-blasted shield\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (resist_heat lightweight), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a charred bastard sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (4d4 enchantable lightweight 2handed sword), \hich\f2 \lquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 charred long sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d7 offhand lblade), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a charred visor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (infra headworn).  During nighttime there are banshees guarding the staircase and they can load \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a sheer gown of gossamer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn autoinvis).  Once you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve cleared out the guards head up \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
o the top floor and move south, east, south and kill/bash Caradoc.  Mem full for Lord Soth.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Soth can be one of the most deadly fights in the game.  He needs to be bashed the instant he stands, and he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s not easy to bash.  He randomly PWK\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s (no save anymore
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
) a group member, but never seems to do it to the maintank.  There is a spellcasting banshee in the room, so have your tanks engage the banshee first and then being bashing Soth.  Use area/elemental spells to kill the Banshee as fast as possible.  Soth is
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 immune cold and heat.  Once he dies, any guards/knights you didn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t kill will track in to the group.  Lord Soth loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a two-handed sword stained black with blood\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (6d6 3/3 antigood 2handed sword), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the plate of the black rose\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood saves_spell bodywo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the shield of the black rose\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood saves_spell shield), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of pitch black vambraces\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (save_spell canfly armworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a set of pitch black greaves\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (saves_spell legworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a plumed helm and visor\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2wis headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a set of pitch black bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 (unsure stats), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a tattered purple cloak\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (neck/aboutworn saves_heat), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a heavy black belt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+con waistworn), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of ice cold gauntlets\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+2str handworn).  You can \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move rug\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal a room beneath with a chest.  The chest has an edrain trap, so\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 have it disabled. Chest can load a magebook (unsure level) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a book of the dead\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (animate dead clerical book).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Stone Bluff
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is located on the eastern shores of the Newsea.  Once you reach the closed gates, have a good aligned char go east\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 , up (and west, up) and pull the levers on each side.  Then \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 press gates\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open the path.  There is a block room to get through and then an old dwarf that repops to kill.  Once he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dead head all north and then all east.  \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 Pull ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open a door nort\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ward and wait for 2 mobs to track out and attack an evil char.  Once they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
re dead you have to kill an obsidian goldem in the room to the north.  The golems are nobash and need to be silenced or else a group of 6 dwarven guards and their horses will track \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
n and attack.  Move in as a group and have all your casters silence the golem.  Once silenced, make sure they frag it down because of its high hps.  Head north, open the door, and move north, east to find a memroom.  Mem if necessary and go back into the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 k\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 eep and kill the 2nd obsidian golem to the west.  Head all east to the room with the closed gates and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 open gates\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal an up exit.  Send the tank in and kill the guard, sergeant groups.  There are 4 groups of a guard and a sergeant that are limit_da\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
age high hp mobs.  Move around the perimeter of this area until all 4 of the guard groups are dead.  They do scantrack so be careful.  Run down to the tree and mem when necessary.  
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once all the guards are dead you can mem and prep up for the Thane fight.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  This is a very high melee damage fight with 1 caster mob that usually dies quickly.  The mobs enjoy spamming target so have your casters not assist if possible and make sure your tank is quick on the rescues.  Have everyone begin by killing/bashing the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
lerk.  Area helps a ton for this fight.  Once the clerk dies kill order is guard guard captain thane.  The captain is immune_fire and nobash.  You may want to flee out and remem at some point if you are burning too many heals.  This fight can load (on var
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ous mobs) \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a jeweled sceptre\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nightvision held), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a holy talisman\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nolore +intish tank headworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of silver arm braces\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+str armworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dwarven shatang\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d9 enchantable prime lblade), and \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 a thick silver belt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+8/10hp waistworn).  Once ever\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 thing is dead \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 relax throne\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
, head east, north, down, all west outside the gate, and north to find a key.  Head back to the tree and mem.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 From the tree, head all west and follow the path to the well.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Pull lever\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to drain the well and send the tank down.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  Let the Zorn track into him, then move in and kill it.  Move a few west and send the tank into the 2 golems and the statue.  Have tanks bash/target the statue and the casters frag down the skinned golems.  The golems stick weapons on death.  The statue 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 oads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of mithril leg braces\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (7hp legworn) and another key.  Run back to the tree and have your group mem/recall.  Go into the keep toward the southeastern area and find the Trophy Room.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Push button\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 to reveal a down exit and go in.  Move east (i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  you can) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 unlock/open recess\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Head all east to find a chest.  Unlock/loot it.  Chest loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ring of finest silver\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (bashmod ringworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fine dwarven katar\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d6 3/3 lblade prime), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a moonstone pendant\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (immune_cold neckworn tankonly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an emera\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d studded gold bracelet
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+heal wristworn), and magebooks (ams/relo level probably).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Largus Sarian (Blacken/Icen/Greenen)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 These are pretty standard zones so I won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t go into a huge amount of detail in stepping through them.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Blacken:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The monks here can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a thin black sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d7 +3dam thief stabber) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a translucent black ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (-con autovinis antigood ring).  The high priest loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a blackend chest\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black stone\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+2dam held), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a jeweled black belt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+con waistworn).  Th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  vault here (southeastern corner through a hidden S exit) loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a beautiful violet rose\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (autofly held).  The hidden panel east of the frozen also loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black stone\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 .  The black dragon loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of black platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nocharm and maybe +str).
\par 
\par 
\par \page \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Icen\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 :
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Cold monks load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a ring of ice\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (resist_heat \hich\f2 \endash \loch\f2 ac) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a shard of ice\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d5 offhand piercer).  You can find the white dragon by going n,w,w,w,s,s,s,w,s from the entrance room.  The dragon loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of white platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nocharm_nosummon), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
an ingrave\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d ivory staff\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nolore 4d4++ish held canfly bludgeon), a magebook (forcebolt/locate level), and druid tablets (stratification, cone of cold, paralysis).  You can find the white temple door by heading all south, west, all south (or near enough) from the en
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 rance room.  The cold high priest loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a pair of white boots\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+mvs).  The chest behind the locked doors (keys load on high priest and monks roaming outside) can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an icy white bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (resist_cold) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a hooded white chasuble
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (goodonly +heal bo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 yworn).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Greenen:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You can find the green temple by either going north or south and then up from the entrance room.  East and north from the green temple door is a statue that you can open \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 \hich\f2 open statue\'85
\rquote \loch\f2  to reveal a room to the east.  This room loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ncient green sword\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (nolore 5d5++ish detinvis 2handed sword).  Fight your way through the priests all south but 1 from the green temple door, then go east, south to fight to green high priest.  High priest loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a vine belt\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (+wis waistworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a malachit\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+hitroll), and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a small tattered prayerbook\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (summon/word of recall/sunbolt/negative plane protection clerical book).  Head back to the entrance room for greenen.  From here you can head 3south, west and south more (if I remember this path correct\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y) to find a locked down exit (pick or use high priest\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s key).  Down here you will find 4 locked doors in all 4 directions.  You can only unlock 2 so choose wisely.  North leads to a cure crit wand, east leads to a +wis held sphere, south leads to somethi\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t remember but sucks, and west leads to a +5learn held cube.  The wyrms in this area like to load str/ref potions also.  Again head back to greenen entrance, but this time head all east.  Once you reach a wall follow the path south (ignore the dt-
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ooking room) until you reach a door.  Mem full and prepare for the dragon.  Greenen dragon loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a malachite encrusted helmet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+con/hp headworn nolore), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a malachite inlaid ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+heal ringworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a suit of green platemail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nocharm +str), druid tablet
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  (fire storm/mass refresh/word of recall), and mage books (relo/ams/cloudkill level).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Temple of Takhisis
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone begins with the statue of Takhisis in Neraka.  Kill the statue and loot the gem.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Say one world order\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to conjure the portal and head i
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n.  Have your group wait outside for a few seconds while you open the gates.  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Say Submit, or die!\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to open the gate, and then \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
present gem/amulet statue\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to quell the statue guardian.  Reform your group and head all north.  Have the casters and tanks for\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 their respective groups, tanks have to go through nomagic east and casters have to go west.  Easiest for the casters to engage/flee past the mobs rather than kill them.  The casters just follow their path to the end of the gauntlet.  The tanks can follow
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 their path and find/kill the shadow beast who loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black fang of a shadow beast\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (3d5 nightvision thief stabber prime).  Tanks need to find the sleeping demon and kill it for the key, it also loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black pronged trident\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (2d9 +2 dam piercer prime).\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  Then head north to kill the 2 undead edraining mobs and then out of the gauntlet.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Once back together and healed up, try to get your group to stop typing.  This is nearly impossible to do cause people suck, but try anyway.  Head north and up the stairs.  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
If you try and go north through the hall of statues pairs of mobs will appear and attack.  To avoid this you can go around them either east or west (if your group isn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t spinning the room).  Move all north and then back west or east to the end of the statu\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
s.  Have the tank move north to piss off the 5headed dragon statue and kill the heads/body.  Head north and up to the hourglass room.  Smash it with \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 strike hourglass\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
.  Head south and kill the sand beast.  It can load some horribly shitty pants you shoul\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  lore yourself just for kicks.  Head further south, up the stairs, and north to a dead end.  \hich\f2 
\lquote \loch\f2 Open curtain\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal an exit to the north.  North of here is the first fight with Spauld and he has Kelvos with him.  Kill/bash Spauld until he dies or recall\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 , then kill the skull knights that appear and then Kelvos.  Spauld can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a swirling black potion\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (rentable heal potion) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a necklace of gnomish ears\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (antigood +wis neckworn).  Kelvos can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a heavy steel battle axe\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (high str 3d7++ -dex axe pr\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 me).  Mem up heals and make sure your best tanks are at the bottom of the group list.  Head up the stairs
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Move into the mirrored halls until Kalidon stabs your tank (he stabs for 550+ and triple oblits, make sure you have a 650hp+ tank and quick healers).\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
  Bash/frag/blind him down fast before he flees.  Kalidon can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 the boots of shadows whisper\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (nolore autosneak thiefonlyish), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a black assassin\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s emblem\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam or so).  Might load other things I never see.  Once he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dead head all south through the s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ins until you reach a dead end.  Type \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 shatter mirror\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to start the cycle of 4 mobs.  The order is lich, zorn, beholder, lord.  All but lord are nobash.  Lord cahybor loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a mirror shield\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+10hp -10bash shield with recharging mirror image keyword).  \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 S\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 atter mirror\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 again once lord is dead to open the passage.  Mem if necessary and head south and up to the end.  Have your tank \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 climb stairs\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 and then the rest of the group after him.  This fight is Spauld again and some commander I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t remember.  Kill/\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ash Spauld first again until he recalls/dies.  Commander loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a huge broadsword of blackened steel\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (3d6++ antigood prime lblade), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a deep black steel ring\hich\f2 \rquote 
\loch\f2  (antigood/evilonly +dex ring), and 1 more thing I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t remember.  Once they\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 re dead \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 move/push/\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 hove altar
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 lift/pry/pull tile\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to reveal another portal.  Have everyone enter it and kill the 2 dark knight guards.  Mem full.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The final fight order here is kill/bash Spauld then kill dragon bash borbane.  The dragon (Blanc) is nobash and immune_aci\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d.  Spauld can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 an ancient tome\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (gate/animate/str of one clerical book).  Blanc loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dragon skull helm\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (evilonly +heal headworn).  Borbane loads stuff that I haven\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t seen.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **The Mushroom Forest
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This is a zone damningly similar to Largus Saria\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n so I won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t go into great detail stepping through it.  You reach this zone by typing \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
glare mirror\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  in the Faerie Queen\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s room in faerie kingdom.  There are 4 levels: green, red, black, ice.  Each level has a boss imp and 2 separate spores you can breath\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 .  The correct spores take you to the next level up and the wrong spores take you to the entrance of your current level.  The green imp boss is west of the entrance and he loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a translucent wing
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (held canfly) and some other item I can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t remember.  Roa\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  around until you find the spores and have everyone (tank first) \hich\f2 \lquote 
\loch\f2 breathe spores, wake stand).  The red imp boss is southwest of the entrance and can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a glowing orb of fire\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (held light resist_heat) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fiery red cloak\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn det invis).  The\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 spores are eastward somewhere.  The black imp boss is in the northeast corner and loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a dark black robe\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2  (no idea) and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a faerie bone necklace\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+5learn neckworn).  The spores are west of the boss on this level.  The ice imp boss is in the southeast co\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ner and you need to \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 break ice\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  to awaken him.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a frozen crown of iron\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (mage/druid/cleric 2int headworn) and 
\hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a spiked ice bracelet\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (easyfrag +dam wristworn).  After killing the ice imp and memming have everyone breathe/wake/stand again and gu\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t away the cloudkill that appears.  To the north is the Illusionist, a mob that creates a lot of fake output and change his shape, so tell your group to ignore it and not panic.  He is nobash but not that hard.  He can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a bracelet of polished sodalit\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\loch\af2\dbch\af31505\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+10hp wristworn), another item I don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t see enough to remember, and a fireshield/iceshield/mirror image/or ams prep norent item.  If you \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 stare mirror\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 in the Illusionists room, you are transported to the mirror creature nomagic area in Ancient Keep.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Alpine Glacier
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This zone is a group of spin rooms with wildlife that load a few neat items and a very tough white dragon named Frostbyte.  It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s located in the Kharolis Mountains south of Thorbardin and west of Tarsis.  Make sure everyone is flying and s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 pin through the rooms, killing/areaing the wildlife.  Snow eagles can load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a snowy white eagle feather\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (held autofly), polar bears load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a white polar bear pelt\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (aboutworn fastdecay resist_cold), bighorn sheep load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 
a bighorn sheep skull\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+bash headwo\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n), and snow leopards load \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a snow leopard\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s tail\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (+dex waistworn.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Somewhere on the glacier is a hidden down exit that leads into a crevice.  To find it either make a non flying charmie and roam the glacier or move down in the spins whenever able.  At th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e bottom, send a tank west and kill/bash the 4 ice imps.  Move north and east and mem full/prep for the nasty dragon.  Frostbyte hits excessively hard (triple nasty oblits) and has a whole posse of lackeys around him.  When you first move in there will be
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
2 white slaads and Frosty.  When each slaad dies, 3 ice imp will poof in and area/attack.  The kill order for this fight is: slaad imp imp imp slaad imp imp imp dragon.  Assign bashers to each slaad and to as many imps as you can.  Once all the trash are 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ead, dualwield and frag the dragon down.  Frosty can 1-round a very high hp tank if he\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s bashed, so it is wise to get a steelskin potion (and a fireshield) before doing this fight.  Frosty also area stuns repeatedly and casts mage spells.  He loads \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a fro\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ted tin ring\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+dam ring), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a frosted tin helm\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+con headworn I think), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a frosted tin plate\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (canfly bodyworn), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a frosted tin bracer\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  (+all slot mageonly), \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a frosted tin blade\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 (4d4++ offhand lblade), and druid tablets (summon/mass fly/barrier).  East\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 \hich\f2 of Frostbyte is his chest that needs a said keyword phrase to open.  The clue for the chest is \'93\loch\f2 
\hich\f2 You see an image of Morgion turning tin dragons into ice dragons.  The time has come again, from ice to tin.\'94\loch\f2   The old phrase was \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 say tin to dust\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 , but it was
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 changed to something nearly impossible.  The chest used to load magebooks of decent level and \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 a laboradorite book\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
 that wiped away a failed spell.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 **Prepared in response to the proliferation of insider information to scumbags who only play to ruin the\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 game for others.  Hopefully better players will have a chance to gain a foothold against the growing scum infection.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid16261271 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax375\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000001040
917d055cd401feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}